Review	Liked
Wow... Loved this place.	1
Crust is not good.	-1
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	-1
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	-1
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	-1
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	-1
The fries were great too.	1
A great touch.	1
Service was very prompt.	1
Would not go back.	-1
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	-1
"I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken, with cranberry...mmmm!"	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	-1
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	-1
Highly recommended.	1
Waitress was a little slow in service.	-1
"This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas."	-1
did not like at all.	-1
The Burrittos Blah!	-1
"The food, amazing."	1
Service is also cute.	1
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
So they performed.	1
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
#NAME?	-1
"This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff."	1
"Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed."	-1
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	-1
"Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal."	1
This was like the final blow!	-1
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
"seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere."	-1
"Overall, I like this place a lot."	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
Ample portions and good prices.	1
"Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table."	-1
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	1
Service sucks.	-1
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	-1
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	-1
"On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service."	1
"Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register."	-1
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	-1
"The burger is good beef, cooked just right."	1
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
"My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing."	1
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
Their chow mein is so good!	1
"They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food."	-1
The portion was huge!	1
"Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu."	1
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	-1
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	-1
"The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked."	1
"The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless."	-1
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	-1
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
"Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount."	1
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	-1
A great way to finish a great.	1
"The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected."	1
#NAME?	1
The service was meh.	-1
"It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk."	-1
"I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense."	-1
The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.	-1
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	-1
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.	-1
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	-1
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	-1
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	-1
This place has it!	1
The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.	-1
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	-1
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
Omelets are to die for!	1
Everything was fresh and delicious!	1
"In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience."	-1
"It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party."	1
"Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!"	-1
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
say bye bye to your tip lady!	-1
We'll never go again.	-1
Will be back again!	1
Food arrived quickly!	1
It was not good.	-1
"On the up side, their cafe serves really good food."	1
"Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!"	1
"The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming."	1
"Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it."	1
"I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious."	1
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
"The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!"	1
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
Will go back next trip out.	1
Sooooo good!!	1
"REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good."	-1
"At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy."	-1
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
"Nice, spicy and tender."	1
Good prices.	1
Check it out.	1
It was pretty gross!	-1
I've had better atmosphere.	-1
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	-1
"Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing."	-1
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	-1
"Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries."	-1
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
"The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten."	1
"We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night."	1
"Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES!"	-1
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	-1
"Phenomenal food, service and ambiance."	1
I wouldn't return.	-1
"Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas."	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	-1
Penne vodka excellent!	1
"They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers."	1
The management is rude.	-1
"Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even."	1
"Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations."	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
"He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas."	-1
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
Don't do it!!!!	-1
The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.	-1
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	-1
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	-1
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
"The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow."	-1
"The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace."	-1
I give it 2 thumbs down	-1
We watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us.	-1
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	-1
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	-1
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
this place is good.	1
"Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE."	-1
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	-1
I was seated immediately.	1
"Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced."	1
Avoid at all cost!	-1
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
DELICIOUS!!	1
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	-1
I've never been treated so bad.	-1
Bacon is hella salty.	1
"We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad, the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste."	-1
"This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed."	1
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
"Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!"	1
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
"Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back."	-1
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	-1
"The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness."	1
"Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while."	1
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	-1
"The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor."	-1
I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.	-1
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	-1
It was probably dirt.	-1
"Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor."	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
"The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined."	-1
Interesting decor.	1
What I really like there is the crepe station.	1
"Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good."	1
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
"When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing."	-1
"I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied."	1
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	-1
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	-1
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	-1
Very friendly staff.	1
It is worth the drive.	1
"I had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of."	1
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
The warm beer didn't help.	-1
Great brunch spot.	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
Very good lunch spot.	1
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	-1
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	-1
Must have been an off night at this place.	-1
"The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous."	1
"If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen."	-1
"For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon."	-1
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Won't go back.	-1
Extremely Tasty!	1
Waitress was good though!	1
Soggy and not good.	-1
The Jamaican mojitos are delicious.	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	-1
#NAME?	1
"The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!"	-1
The service was a bit lacking.	-1
"Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables."	-1
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	-1
"It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad."	-1
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
The folks at Otto always make us feel so welcome and special.	1
"As for the ""mains,"" also uninspired."	-1
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
"If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people."	-1
Very very fun chef.	1
"Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks."	-1
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
"If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it."	-1
"The descriptions said ""yum yum sauce"" and another said ""eel sauce"", yet another said ""spicy mayo""...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them."	-1
"I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing)."	1
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	-1
"Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service."	1
Horrible - don't waste your time and money.	-1
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	-1
"(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold."	-1
"like the other reviewer said ""you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."""	-1
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	-1
"Seriously flavorful delights, folks."	1
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	-1
Owner's are really great people.!	1
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	-1
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
"Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too."	-1
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
Fantastic service here.	1
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	-1
They know how to make them here.	1
very tough and very short on flavor!	-1
I hope this place sticks around.	1
"I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water."	-1
The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.	1
"Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!"	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
"Plus, it's only 8 bucks."	1
"The service was not up to par, either."	-1
"Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time."	1
Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!	1
"For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed."	-1
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
You cant go wrong with any of the food here.	1
You can't beat that.	1
"Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff."	1
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
"I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho."	-1
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
I think not again	-1
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	-1
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
Service stinks here!	-1
I waited and waited.	-1
"This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant."	-1
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
Things that went wrong: - They burned the saganaki.	-1
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	-1
This place is amazing!	1
"I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place."	-1
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	-1
Just don't know why they were so slow.	-1
"The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection."	1
"I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location."	-1
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
"You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care."	1
Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.	-1
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
Never again will I be dining at this place!	-1
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
Good beer & drink selection and good food selection.	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	-1
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	-1
Food was really boring.	-1
Good Service-check!	1
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	-1
"Will never, ever go back."	-1
"As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return."	-1
"In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful."	1
I did not expect this to be so good!	1
Fantastic food!	1
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	-1
The food was very good.	1
Never going back.	-1
"Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made."	1
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	-1
"By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known."	-1
"Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways."	1
"And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong."	1
All the bread is made in-house!	1
The only downside is the service.	-1
"Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had."	-1
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
"A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal."	1
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
You won't be disappointed.	1
"They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good."	1
"I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00."	-1
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	-1
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	-1
"Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back."	1
"We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere."	1
Everything was gross.	-1
I love this place.	1
Great service and food.	1
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	-1
"The burger... I got the ""Gold Standard"" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed."	-1
"OMG, the food was delicioso!"	1
There is nothing authentic about this place.	-1
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	-1
"Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great."	1
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	-1
Pretty good beer selection too.	1
"This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER."	1
"Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!"	1
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
"I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious."	1
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	-1
He was terrible!	-1
Everyone is treated equally special.	1
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	-1
It was delicious!!!	1
"On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat."	1
"Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas."	-1
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
Best fish I've ever had in my life!	1
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	-1
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
Pretty cool I would say.	1
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	-1
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
"I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food."	-1
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	-1
Would come back again if I had a sushi craving while in Vegas.	1
"The staff are great, the ambiance is great."	1
He deserves 5 stars.	1
I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day.	-1
They dropped more than the ball.	-1
"The dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable."	1
"They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!"	1
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	-1
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
I took back my money and got outta there.	-1
"In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing."	1
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	-1
"The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes."	-1
I won't be back.	-1
They have great dinners.	1
The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut.	1
The food was terrible.	-1
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	-1
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	-1
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	-1
This is a disgrace.	-1
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
"If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place."	1
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area.	1
"I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great."	1
We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.	1
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	1
"To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser."	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	-1
Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!	1
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.	1
This one is simply a disappointment.	-1
"Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon."	-1
I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!	-1
"Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area."	1
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
Left very frustrated.	-1
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
Service was fantastic.	1
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	-1
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
"Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!"	1
"For service, I give them no stars."	-1
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	-1
Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).	-1
But now I was completely grossed out.	-1
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
"Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end."	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
"On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop."	-1
"Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!"	-1
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	-1
What a mistake that was!	-1
No complaints!	1
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
Waiter was a jerk.	-1
"Strike 2, who wants to be rushed."	-1
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
I never come again.	-1
We loved the biscuits!!!	1
Service is quick and friendly.	1
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	-1
So absolutley fantastic.	1
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	-1
definitely will come back here again.	1
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
"If you're not familiar, check it out."	1
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	-1
I'd love to go back.	1
"Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch."	1
Nothing special.	-1
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
"Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!"	1
Will not be back.	-1
Sauce was tasteless.	-1
"The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way."	1
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	-1
Food was so gooodd.	1
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	-1
I was so insulted.	-1
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	-1
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	-1
"The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc."	1
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
We loved the place.	1
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	-1
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
The manager was the worst.	-1
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.	1
I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food.	-1
"This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things."	-1
"Love the margaritas, too!"	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
"Very good, though!"	1
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	-1
Great pork sandwich.	1
Don't waste your time here.	-1
"Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee."	-1
"Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold."	-1
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
I LOVED it!	1
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	-1
"This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here."	1
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	-1
The selection of food was not the best.	-1
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	1
"This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment."	1
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	-1
"It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign."	-1
How awesome is that.	1
I will be back many times soon.	1
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
"Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings."	-1
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.	1
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
And then tragedy struck.	-1
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
"This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!"	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Waitress was sweet and funny.	1
"I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!"	1
"I'd rather eat airline food, seriously."	-1
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
I would not recommend this place.	-1
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	-1
My gyro was basically lettuce only.	-1
Terrible service!	-1
Thoroughly disappointed!	-1
"I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here."	1
"Give it a try, you will be happy you did."	1
By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
it was a drive to get there.	-1
"At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff."	1
"Anyway, I do not think i will go back there."	-1
"Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed."	1
"Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant."	1
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
"A greasy, unhealthy meal."	-1
first time there and might just be the last.	-1
Those burgers were amazing.	1
"Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late."	-1
And it was way to expensive.	-1
"Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for."	1
This was my first time and I can't wait until the next.	1
The bartender was also nice.	1
Everything was good and tasty!	1
This place is two thumbs up....way up.	1
"The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun."	1
"If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place."	1
Terrible management.	-1
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.	1
If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars.	-1
"Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts."	1
Worst martini ever!	-1
The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC.	1
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).	-1
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	-1
"No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it."	-1
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
"not even a ""hello, we will be right with you."""	-1
The desserts were a bit strange.	-1
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
"I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!"	1
Nice ambiance.	1
I would recommend saving room for this!	1
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	-1
"However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good."	-1
"I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!"	-1
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	-1
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	-1
All of the tapas dishes were delicious!	1
I *heart* this place.	1
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	-1
After two I felt disgusting.	-1
A good time!	1
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
Generous portions and great taste.	1
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	-1
"The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an ""Are you being helped?"""	-1
Food was delicious!	1
AN HOUR... seriously?	-1
I consider this theft.	-1
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	-1
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	-1
Waited and waited and waited.	-1
"He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service."	1
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
"The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way."	-1
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	-1
Service was good and the company was better!	1
The staff are also very friendly and efficient.	1
"As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks."	1
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	-1
Over rated.	-1
"If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where."	-1
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.	-1
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
"All in all, I can assure you I'll be back."	1
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	-1
"My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar."	1
The kids play area is NASTY!	-1
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
"It was extremely ""crumby"" and pretty tasteless."	-1
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	-1
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!	-1
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded. I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast.	1
Not good for the money.	-1
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
"We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived."	-1
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
"Good value, great food, great service."	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
The food is good.	1
It was awesome.	1
I just wanted to leave.	-1
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
I will not be eating there again.	-1
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	-1
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	-1
"The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy."	-1
"Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :("	-1
An absolute must visit!	1
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	-1
"Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star."	-1
They really want to make your experience a good one.	1
I will not return.	-1
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.	-1
Very disappointing!!!	-1
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
"a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait."	-1
Pretty awesome place.	1
Ambience is perfect.	1
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	-1
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	-1
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	-1
"The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!"	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
"Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick."	-1
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	-1
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	-1
"I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable."	1
"After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods."	-1
This is a good joint.	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
I'm not eating here!	-1
"Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative."	1
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	-1
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	-1
Very bad Experience!	-1
What a mistake.	-1
Food was average at best.	-1
Great food.	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	-1
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	-1
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
"Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed."	-1
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
The fried rice was dry as well.	-1
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
"That just SCREAMS ""LEGIT"" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas."	1
It was just not a fun experience.	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
"I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!)."	1
"Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!"	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
Both great!	1
Eclectic selection.	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
The staff was very attentive.	1
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
"The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price."	1
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	-1
dont go here.	-1
I promise they won't disappoint.	1
As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.	-1
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
Awesome service and food.	1
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
I can't wait to go back.	1
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	-1
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
Service was slow and not attentive.	-1
"I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now."	1
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	-1
Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.	1
"Very good food, great atmosphere.1"	1
Damn good steak.	1
Total brunch fail.	-1
"Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo."	1
"The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant."	1
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
"Good food , good service ."	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
"I probably won't be back, to be honest."	-1
will definitely be back!	1
The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.	1
"Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good."	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	-1
"We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed."	-1
I was mortified.	-1
"Needless to say, we will never be back here again."	-1
"Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more."	-1
"The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible."	-1
I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak.	-1
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer.	-1
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
Would not recommend to others.	-1
"Service is quick and even ""to go"" orders are just like we like it!"	1
"I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!"	-1
"That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased."	1
Not my thing.	-1
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	-1
"I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza."	1
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
They have a really nice atmosphere.	1
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	-1
"After one bite, I was hooked."	1
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	-1
"Cute, quaint, simple, honest."	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
"The food was great as always, compliments to the chef."	1
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
Great food and awesome service!	1
"One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that."	1
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	-1
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
"As for the service, I thought it was good."	1
"The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us."	-1
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	-1
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
"Overall, I like there food and the service."	1
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
"Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it."	-1
"Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it."	-1
"Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service."	1
I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
It was way over fried.	-1
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	-1
"When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way."	-1
Will not be back!	-1
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
"I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from."	1
"I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!"	-1
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
"I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette."	1
"The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth."	1
"Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup."	1
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
"Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up."	-1
"When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!"	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	-1
This is a GREAT place to eat!	1
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
The service was poor and thats being nice.	-1
"Food was good, service was good, Prices were good."	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	-1
"The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather."	-1
But the service was beyond bad.	-1
"I'm so happy to be here!!!"""	1
Tasted like dirt.	-1
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
The block was amazing.	1
"It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food."	1
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	-1
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
"the food is not tasty at all, not to say its ""real traditional Hunan style""."	-1
"What did bother me, was the slow service."	-1
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	-1
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	-1
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	-1
"Unfortunately, it was not good."	-1
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
"Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder."	1
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	-1
"The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily."	-1
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
We will not be coming back.	-1
"I don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well."	1
"The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff."	1
"Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service."	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
Once your food arrives it's meh.	-1
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	-1
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
"My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too."	-1
So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.	1
"The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh."	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Mediocre food.	-1
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
I'm super pissd.	-1
And service was super friendly.	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	-1
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
"I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat."	-1
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	-1
"Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered."	1
"The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was."	1
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	-1
The service was terrible though.	-1
"This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!"	-1
It was packed!!	-1
I love this place.	1
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
The food was terrible.	-1
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	-1
This place should honestly be blown up.	-1
But I definitely would not eat here again.	-1
Do not waste your money here!	-1
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
Awful service.	-1
Won't ever go here again.	-1
Food quality has been horrible.	-1
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	-1
The service here is fair at best.	-1
"I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services."	-1
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	-1
Very poor service.	-1
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	-1
"Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day."	1
They were excellent.	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	-1
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	-1
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	-1
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
"for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food."	-1
The food came out at a good pace.	1
"I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad."	1
I won't be back.	-1
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	-1
This place deserves no stars.	-1
I would not recommend this place.	-1
"In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome."	1
"To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted."	-1
"Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!"	-1
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
I probably would not go here again.	-1
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
The price is reasonable and the service is great.	1
"The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either."	-1
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	-1
"Went in for happy hour, great list of wines."	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
I probably won't be coming back here.	-1
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	-1
"This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant."	1
Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.	1
"Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil."	-1
I love their fries and their beans.	1
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
"They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval."	1
This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.	1
"For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go."	1
"The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table."	1
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	-1
"I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one."	-1
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	-1
"All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting."	1
My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.	1
Weird vibe from owners.	-1
There was hardly any meat.	-1
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	-1
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
"I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!"	1
"Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless."	-1
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	-1
"The service was terrible, food was mediocre."	-1
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs.	-1
"On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate."	-1
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	-1
The service was extremely slow.	-1
"After 20 minutes wait, I got a table."	-1
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
"No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts."	-1
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	-1
Worst Thai ever.	-1
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
"I had strawberry tea, which was good."	1
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	-1
"Overall, a great experience."	1
Spend your money elsewhere.	-1
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	-1
"And the drinks are WEAK, people!"	-1
#NAME?	-1
"Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house."	-1
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	-1
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
We won't be returning.	-1
This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.	1
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	-1
"Very, very sad."	-1
"i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?"	-1
"How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!"	-1
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	-1
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	-1
"There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better"	-1
I got food poisoning here at the buffet.	-1
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	-1
"What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us."	-1
"Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon."	-1
This place is disgusting!	-1
"Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree."	1
The RI style calamari was a joke.	-1
"However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible."	-1
"I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch."	-1
"It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it."	-1
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	-1
We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!	-1
Disappointing experience.	-1
"The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all."	-1
"If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you."	-1
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	-1
We won't be going back.	-1
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	-1
This place lacked style!!	-1
"The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous."	-1
Don't bother coming here.	-1
"The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork."	-1
"The building itself seems pretty neat, the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again."	-1
It was equally awful.	-1
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	-1
very slow at seating even with reservation.	-1
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	-1
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	-1
"The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat."	-1
"It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor."	-1
I was VERY disappointed!!	-1
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	-1
"Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best."	-1
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	-1
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	-1
"The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits."	-1
Con: spotty service.	-1
"The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger."	-1
But then they came back cold.	-1
"Then our food came out, disappointment ensued."	-1
The real disappointment was our waiter.	-1
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	-1
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	-1
"Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it."	-1
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	-1
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	-1
After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment!	-1
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	-1
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	-1
But I don't like it.	-1
Hell no will I go back	-1
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	-1
"I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back ""ya'all""."	-1
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	-1
The ambiance isn't much better.	-1
"Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees."	-1
The food wasn't good.	-1
"Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked."	-1
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	-1
"too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place."	-1
Overpriced for what you are getting.	-1
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	-1
"I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food."	-1
"I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list."	-1
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	-1
Food was below average.	-1
It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.	-1
"All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop."	-1
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	-1
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	-1
"It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry."	-1
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	-1
I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.	-1
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	-1
Spend your money and time some place else.	-1
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	-1
the presentation of the food was awful.	-1
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	-1
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	-1
Appetite instantly gone.	-1
Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.	-1
"The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time."	-1
"Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check."	-1
The ambience is really nice staff is courteous The price is pretty high for the quantity but overall...	0
I felt good is little expensive for the quantity they serve and In terms of taste is decent There is...	0
A decent place for a family lunch or dinner well arranged in a simple manner Food was tasty and the ...	0
Ambience is not that good enough and its not a pocket friendly cafe and the quantity is not that goo...	0
Went there for a quick bite with friends The ambience had more of corporate feel I would say it was ...	0
A place for people who love churos Otherwise its a normal simple cafe like any other in town Can go...	0
Have been visiting this place since years The quality has gone down drastically Food quality has bec...	0
Congested atmosphere due to smoke from kitchen Ambience was k Service was k Churos was a new experi...	0
One of my favourite places that I often visit in South bangalore but quality has been reduced than ...	0
Chocolaty and churroic experience Hit chocolate and churro with chocolate dip in the picture My fi...	0
Churros the restaurants eponymous offering has to be tried Theyre a Mexican snack and served with ch...	0
Honestly have only tried parcels and that too only starters and mains never tried desserts So this ...	0
I went to this restaurant on Sunday afternoonIt was a bit crowded Its located in the 1st floor Abov...	0
Nice food good ambiance so many verity of food this time i was in hurry so next review will be detai...	0
Been here last week with high expectations based on few reviews But utterly disappointed with the fo...	0
Food is good No parking Ambience is average Overall its value for money if you looking for south Ind...	0
Been here last week with high expectations based on few reviews But utterly disappointed with the fo...	0
Food is good No parking Ambience is average Overall its value for money if you looking for south Ind...	0
Been here last week with high expectations based on few reviews But utterly disappointed with the fo...	0
Food is good No parking Ambience is average Overall its value for money if you looking for south Ind...	0
Been here last week with high expectations based on few reviews But utterly disappointed with the fo...	0
Food is good No parking Ambience is average Overall its value for money if you looking for south Ind...	0
Been here last week with high expectations based on few reviews But utterly disappointed with the fo...	0
Food is good No parking Ambience is average Overall its value for money if you looking for south Ind.	0
Food is good and enjoyed With 150 Rs is very nice Note It happen with us If you going TWO people y...	0
Aaaa wt to tell Unlimited food food was like exactly like south indian marriage food 2 soups sides m...	0
Food 35 Ambience 35 Service 35 Had been here for family lunch This place serves buffets too We orde...	0
Onesta serves unlimited pizza and desserts with pasta also This places has multiple branches in the ...	0
I love onesta always and their unlimited offers I had a really good experience in JP nagar but this ...	0
This outlet of onesta is on the rooftop Its has a nice chill ambience Though the size of the pizzas ...	0
I had been to this place with one of my friends its a very small place but decent And nice place to ...	0
A small roof top cafe on the main road Went around 1pm and we were the only people but later came so...	0
Visited this place as we were really hungry We ordered a pasta and a pizzaboth were quite average I ...	0
Amazing view simple and nice arrangement and a good quality of food is all that I want to sayVisited...	0
Very good chocolate flavored ice cream sizzler Nacho pizza was good Things here are a bit pricey The...	0
Visited this place as we were really hungry We ordered a pasta and a pizzaboth were quite average I ...	0
Amazing view simple and nice arrangement and a good quality of food is all that I want to sayVisited..	0
Very good chocolate flavored ice cream sizzler Nacho pizza was good Things here are a bit pricey The...	0
Good place to hang out with friends Food wise nothing great Not advisable to go with family Even if its roof and sometimes its suffocating	0
Its a decent rooftop with pretty funky ambience like scooters colourful seats and green pots on it Food tastes good I didnt liked brownie fraape and our order took a lot of time too just look towards that once Its pretty good place for hookah lovers Reasonable price too Overall one time visit is ok	0
Ambience is not that good enough and its not a pocket friendly cafe and the quantity is not that good and desserts are too good enough 	0
"Went there for a quick bite with friends
The ambience had more of corporate feel I would say it was unique
Tried nachos pasta churros and lasagne

Nachos were pathetic Seriously dont order
Pasta was okayish
Lasagne was good
Nutella churros were the best
Overall an okayish experience
Peace "	0
A place for people who love churos Otherwise its a normal simple cafe like any other in town  Can go and spend the evening there  The positive being it is one of the better cafes in and around Banashankari and also the place is not very crowded 	0
Have been visiting this place since years The quality has gone down drastically Food quality has become very average from good Service is also very bad of late	0
"Congested atmosphere due to smoke from kitchen
Ambience was k
Service was k 
Churos was a new experience recommended
Near to kims  Parking was not der"	0
"One of my favourite places that I often visit in South bangalore  but quality has been reduced than before Little unhappy with the food this time
But their churros never dissapointed me Staff are too slow and do not respond easily

Soups
Minestrone soup was like vegetable stock water with vegetables in it not happy with it

Churros 
It was great as usual A must visit place if u love churros

Starters
1 Africano panner 
It was bit sweet and not happy with the dish
2 Loaded nachos 
This happened to be their one of the best dishes but now I take back my words Very dissapointed with the dish

Main course
sicilia pizza
Pizza was too good its a must try dish

Finally I would recommend this place for churros and pizza 

Taste  610
Ambience 710
Value for money  810

Overall experience  7510"	0
"Chocolaty and churroic experience

Hit chocolate and churro with chocolate dip in the picture

My first time at this restaurant and it has delivered in service options as well as taste"	0
"One of my favourite places that I often visit in South bangalore  but quality has been reduced than before Little unhappy with the food this time
But their churros never dissapointed me Staff are too slow and do not respond easily

Soups
Minestrone soup was like vegetable stock water with vegetables in it not happy with it

Churros 
It was great as usual A must visit place if u love churros

Starters
1 Africano panner 
It was bit sweet and not happy with the dish
2 Loaded nachos 
This happened to be their one of the best dishes but now I take back my words Very dissapointed with the dish

Main course
sicilia pizza
Pizza was too good its a must try dish

Finally I would recommend this place for churros and pizza 

Taste  610
Ambience 710
Value for money  810

Overall experience  7510"	0
"Chocolaty and churroic experience

Hit chocolate and churro with chocolate dip in the picture

My first time at this restaurant and it has delivered in service options as well as taste"	0
Churros the restaurants eponymous offering has to be tried Theyre a Mexican snack and served with chocolate sauce Milkshakes are good too The interior walls have murals and writings all over Havent tried the pizzas here but the cakes and pastries were pretty good	0
Honestly have only tried parcels and that too only starters and mains  never tried desserts So this review is based on starters and mains only The quality wasnt all that great was pretty average	0
New place though its a biryani placeI tried Chinese food Best thing is the quantity too good for the price Food was kind of oknot great Definitely worth the price A slight improvement with the taste will make the place a favourite	0
Had been here to enjoy ice cream but was not happy They have tried something new but did not succeed I suggest them to try something innovative as other Icecream ships do Havent tried their wood fire pizzas still But friends have suggested that pizza is tasting very good	0
Very cuteee placesuchha kutty place but very decorative peaceful toou can pay n play ludo n all there is a book ssection n no good books so they can improve on that coffee is good but sandwich was bad cheese was no baked can improve on food	0
"Decided to take a break from my usual Pizza Parlour And also coz I love the Pineapple and Jalapeos combination that many pizza parlours dont make Having found one thst makes it I decided to give it a shot

Tried their
Hot Golden Cake Pizza Pineapple Corn and Jalapeos  dont get fooled by the use of the term cake The pizza was very good  loads of cheese thin crust and served hot What I was disappointed with was the stringent use of Pineapple and corn Pineapple was cut so small thst it was smaller than the corn kernel Very disappointing indeed 

Jalapeo Garlic Bread Didnt much care for it though it was also loaded and bursting at the seams with cheese and Jalapeos
It was too doughy"	0
Its a nice place to hangout because ambience is very relaxing They serve different varieties of coffee And recently theyve added sandwiches burgers  But theyre not UpTo the mark The only thing I like here is toastizza Not worth the price	0
"This Cafe Coffee Day is a stones throw from my residence It is better than other outlets in some ways but also worse in others

The good stuff  This CCD is hardly if ever crowded even on weekends its pretty easy to get a table The hustle and bustle around the place is quite pleasing

Bow the bad  The staff members here are quite dumb They cant understand simple instructions and often mess things up

Just like any other CCD

Food  35
Ambiance  355
Service 255
Value for money  35
Hygiene  355
Overall  35"	0
"Hideout cafe located in hosakerehalli main road The lounge is in underground kinda creepy Ambience is okay
The food in here is okay but can do better Hookah is very good A pocket friendly cafe When comes to the service its pleasing Over all had a good experience"	0
"A cave theme cafe located in 100ft road Banashankari 3rd stage Hide out cafe The ambience is good the lightings are good very comfortable place to sit and eat
The parking place is available
The food in here is okay but can do better Hookah is very good A pocket friendly cafe When comes to the service its pleasing
Food35
Ambience355
Service45"	0
"Hideout cafe located in hosakerehalli The lounge is in underground kinda creepy Ambience is okay Me and my friends wanted to visit this place from a long time one fine day we hopped in We ordered
1 Hookah panrasgrapemint
2 Cheese potato kurkure okayish
3 Chicken nachoes okayish

Hookah was good and the waiters were friendly They have to improve their taste in foods Other than that its worth a visit

Ambience35
Service 45
Food  35"	0
Undoubtedly worth visiting Hideout Cafe once with your friends Ambience is more like a pub than a cafe with lowlight As there is no proper ventilation  you would feel a bit uncomfortable and suffocated inside the place Hookah is good  food and beverages are a bit affordable and tasty as well The crews are friendly	0
"Tasty idlis and Kesari bath but chatni and sambar were not upto the mark Especially sambar was really bad
Packaging also can be little better
"	0
                       	0
packing super and dosaidli and vada is good but the sides is worst need to improve a lot in sides like sambar and Sagu if improved it will be a super please for south indian food	0
SPOON WAS NOT THERE AND PACKING OF TEA WAS NOT GOO	0
I have not received rice bath 	0
SPOON WAS NOT THERE AND PACKING OF TEA WAS NOT GOO	0
I have not received rice bath 	0
SPOON WAS NOT THERE AND PACKING OF TEA WAS NOT GOO	0
I have not received rice bath 	0
SPOON WAS NOT THERE AND PACKING OF TEA WAS NOT GOO	0
I have not received rice bath 	0
not up to the mark	0
not up to the mark	0
not up to the mark	0
not up to the mark	0
Not a huge fan of the ambience Esp when its sunny n the dry wind kills you at noon this is the last place on earth I wanna sit n dine  Been here a couple of times Very courteous n attentive staff though Quick service as well Love their Chicken Tikka sandwich They have a good range of quick bites as well esp the potato wedges being a favorite Plus used to like their Lasagna pretty much with all that spicy juicy meat stuffed in	0
"I never used to like this branch of Cuppa The tea they serve tastes weird Their donuts are extremely hard and etc
But after they have started off with hookah Ive started frequenting it The hookah you get here is one of the best in South Bangalore
Itd be a better place if their snack ons are paid more attention to by the chefs"	0
"Ordered cold coffee and sandwich and espresso  Sandwich was average espresso and cold coffee were good


Ambiance 355
Food quality 35
Service 355
Overall 3  5"	0
There is no authenticity in the food items	0
There is no authenticity in the food items	0
There is no authenticity in the food items	0
There is no authenticity in the food items	0
Not bad k	0
Not bad k	0
Not bad k	0
Not bad k	0
Not bad k	0
Not bad k	0
gravy was not good	0
gravy was not good	0
gravy was not good	0
Nice	0
Nice	0
Nice	0
Nice	0
It took over an hour for rice and fulka	0
delivered late and not hot	0
n	0
delivered late and not hot	0
n	0
Salt was less in paneer rice	0
Hospitality is the big plus Chapathi is very good along with egg gravy and kadala curry Aapam is very poor looked very bad Difficult to spot the shop Menu is Zomato is an out dated one Name of restaurant is found in menu book	0
"I like this place They usually serve good food Today I ordered dinner from here and also added a dessert Matka Kheer

See the attached image it came in that brown glass For long time I kept wondering that did I place wrong order Why is there a glass of hot milk instead of Kheer Then I used spoon and guess what there was boiled rice too"	0
I had ordered a BBQ paneer rice bowl from swiggy The food was bland and didnt have much salt Considering the quantity the price was on the higher side	0
"Ordered a burrito bowl barbecue paneer
Regular bowl was enough to fill two of us
As for the taste its all vegetables less rice which I like So that means you are actually having more vitamins nutrients than just carbs
I have been here a couple of times earlier as well The barbecue chicken bowl was good too A note of advise for ppl who like their food spicy you could as well tell them to make it spicy which would still end up being only half as much as you expected
Overall a nice experience "	0
Had the jhal puri samosa  kullad chai  The samosa was average  jhal puri was good  the kullad chai was weak  not great  Would try other dishes soon  maybe review again 	0
An alright option to spend your time food is alright servers are friendly Did not find anything to complaint about Food was not amazing but not bad either	0
"It is a good place in old airport road We went for a team lunch with 52 people on a tight budget It really turned out to be a good option
We were a little concerned before but it was good Courteous staff Food tastes good Buffet does not have many delicacies in the menu But whatever is there is tasty
Ambience is OK Outdoor seatings are good
Will go there again"	0
"When youre not in a mood to cook and also youre not able to decide what should you cook then java is a great option for you Lots of varieties are available for you and its Very decent and clean place I tried its pasta and garlic bread these are mouth watering
Really Java is a nice and pocket budget restaurant"	0
"Its open 24 Hours Yes Believe me
Decent pizzas and sandwiches to satisfy post binge hunger pangs at wee hours of the morning Besides that veggies and spinach curry chicken masala biryanis and yellow dal are quite likeable Light on the pocket but also on the portions"	0
"Great place to have an evening tea But that is it
Snacks didnt taste genuine"	0
Nice place for Andhra meals  Biryani Has other decent options too Value for money pocket friendly Overall its nice to have authentic homely Andhra food It is very cheap and great value for money Try their plate thali or full plate thali Must try their pepper chicken and guntur chicken They dont have a detailed menu however has really great limited menu which is awesome Not a great place for hanging out but a quick and cozy place to grab the quick bite	0
"Myself and my Colleague been to this place for lunch we tried tandoori chicken Kadi murgh butter Naan and roti taste of Tandoori chicken was good but didnt serve any chutney with it Kasai chicken was average
Food 25
Ambient  2
Service 2
Value for money  3
Overall 3"	0
"Visited on a weekday evening The place was mostly empty Ordered romali roti and hyderabadi chicken

Pros
The place was decent and clean considering the price
The waiter was really friendly
Service was quick
The dishes are quite cheap

Cons
The hyderabadi chicken was just average and was surprisingly a green gravy not gongura though 
The chicken was hard and rubbery"	0
The pizza was good It was served warm but they didnt have plates The garlic bread was burnt and not cheesy enough They didnt have hot sauce either	0
Wasnt a new york style pizza It was just a normal pan pizza	0
Pasta was too spicy The Sbarro Pizza we get in the mall is much better	0
"Shanti Sagar has been our favorite south Indian restaurant for 8 years now and we visit once a while with family Location is right opposite to Domlur bus stand  Food is yum as they invest a lot in quality

Tip to Management  Please try your staffs to be little more polite "	0
"Ordered veg biryani from fazzito food was delivered within 20 minutes and packing was good

Food tasted mild and was too greasy
Quantity would suffice a person or two"	0
In all over India there are always 04 full pieces of chicken in half tandoori chicken dish But in your half tandoori chicken dish only 03 pieces were there	0
Tandoori is good	0
I had Roti and chicken comboRoti size is not as expected and gravy quantity is too lessbut taste is not badwe can call it an average place	0
I had Roti and chicken comboRoti size is not as expected and gravy quantity is too lessbut taste is not badwe can call it an average place	0
We visited with my family we love the ambience order family chicken biryani its not up to mark we check with server biryani lots of masala he replied sir like this we make server were behaviour polite and respectful good service	0
I went there to quickly grab something for the lunch However they were super duper slow Even though the restaurant was almost empty they took considerable amount of time to get us food We ordered Kadhai paneer and mushroom masala the taste was almost same Veg manchurian and Fried rice were decent Didnt find anything fancy about this place	0
I ordered parathas from this place I ordered aloo paratha and paneer paratha from this place The delivery was done right on time The parathas were good	0
Went there with my office teammates for lunch buffet We were the only people there for the entire time The food and service was decent but I felt it didnt make up for the bad ambience music and lack of choices in buffet The staters were good if your a nonvegetarian like me but maincourse was poor for the number of choices But the dishes they had 1 chicken 1 fish were good Deserts better avoid was horrible Wont be visiting anytime soon	0
Good ambur biriyani Being a tamil we love kothu parotta and its amazing here try mutton kothu praottaless in quantity but its  100 bucks so no complaints	0
Ambience of the restaurant was really fabulous and its like been a trybut the try didnt went downthe biryani is not that good to praisebut its up to the standards of a gud biryanithe kebab is good to haveand service is little messed up all overn their sweet is not sweeter it needs more sweet to call it us a sweetyaoverall the ambience is peace well 	0
"Good Ambur Biriyani and Chicken 65  Ambur biriyani has a diff taste alltogether and this places could recreate the taste
I had take some take away and the ambiance looks simple and goodPrice is OK"	0
Its just a usual sweet and chat shop with a feel of a restaurant Ambiance is good with clean interiors and good seating space however the rest is just common The options are not that wide to choose from although they have kept their rates slightly higher compared to similar places in the area	0
Average experience in terms of taste Sweets and savories are fresh though They have bunch of outlets in my locality Bit pricey I would say	0
North Indian thali is good Nice place to have chat lassi and hot badam milk Sweets are their speciality especially the kaju katti Can get a bit crowded at times	0
"Kantis is a quaint sweet shop tucked away in the bylanes of Indiranagar More specifically its just opposite the HP petrol pump on New Thippasandra Road about 1 KM down from 80 ft road

I was waiting for my Uber to show up and I had about 15 mins to kill and I happened to chance upon Kantis So I stepped in and after glancing at the sweet offering decided to taste a few 

I cant comment on the rest of the food menu but the sweets were just about average Enough to be modestly satisfied as I waited for my cab but not delightful enough that I would trek all this way for an encore The ambiance is decent Dont expect much and you wont be disappointed"	0
"Kantis is located on the New Thippasandra road just ahead of the  Ganesha Temple It is quite a small place with about 6 tables and chairs They also serve chaat items besides sweets and parathas I usually buy different types of paranthas mostly with chole The paranthas are quite good with good filling The size is also pretty huge two paranthas were good enough to fill my tummy 

The chaats are pretty passable I did not find them great Both masala puri chaat and bhel puri were very average In any case I am quite happy with the paranthas for dinner"	0
"Kantis is located on the New Thippasandra road just ahead of the  Ganesha Temple It is quite a small place with about 6 tables and chairs They also serve chaat items besides sweets and parathas I usually buy different types of paranthas mostly with chole The paranthas are quite good with good filling The size is also pretty huge two paranthas were good enough to fill my tummy 

The chaats are pretty passable I did not find them great Both masala puri chaat and bhel puri were very average In any case I am quite happy with the paranthas for dinner"	0
"This place has been one of my happy parathana and chat eating place during my initial days in Bangalore while staying in a PG accommodation in Indiranagar
They have been serving delectable varieties of irresistible paranthas right from the basic aloo paranthas to the mixed paranthas served with achaar  curd and a square of butter on the top which melts to the glory and delight
Sometimes I used to try their alacarte dishes like palak paneer and alu matar
The seating here is basic but you will love the taste
The service is usually fast but do expect some delays and hiccups during the busy hours
Some day I would visit this place again to revive my memories and savour the old taste
My rating 35

thefoodietalescom"	0
Was craving a chaat and this was the nearest decent place for Chaat Between two of us ordered bhel panipuri ragda pattis Did not like the ragda The bhel and panipuri was good Def recommended for a quick chaat at a no frills place Later went for a North Indian brekkie Had sattu parathas alu parathas and onion parathas between 4 of us All good loved the alu one the most	0
"Food is okayish The quantity is good enough for two Price is okay for the quantity

Have ordered multiple times Delivery has been on time Ordered Chicken biryani and chicken lollipop"	0
when you want a food in midnight and get on delivery is goodBut i tasted it more spicyBut spicy lover defintly likes itover all so n so	0
we ordered for butter paratha but butter was not on one paratha	0
Delivery on time by zomatoI ordered tandoori chickenit is not so good to ratttingonly best part at that midnight time i got food n slept without a empty stomachPortion was also smallwill order if will not get any other option for food at midnight	0
"A good fastfood place ideal for takeaways The space is extremely limited so dont look to sit down and have a meal here The quality of their meat is good and they serve halal chicken Sometimes in evenings during rush hour they run out of some items on the menu so you might be disappointed at times that you cant order what you wanted to
Some things to definitely try here would be the rolls and Gobi Manchurian"	0
"after reading all the majorly negative reviews for this place on zomato I decided to try it out myselfordered the Americana pizzafood arrived around half an hour late but that was mainly because of some address issues for the delivery guyit was packed okayish considering there was only the pizza boxthe pizza was warm enough considering the delivery mishap
Coming to the pizza itselfIt was pretty basiccheese tomatoes and pork pepperoni on a thin crust pizzawhat could go wrong wellvery little saucethin layer of cheese a few slices of tomato which I must add was the most delicious part of the pizza and few pieces of cut up pepperonithe crust was soft and tasted almost sourreminded me of the kubbus one would get their shawarmas wrapped in
all over Im not impressed but it was definitely filling and pretty okayish in sizea bit overpriced considering the 50rs delivery charge  taxes
cheers"	0
"after reading all the majorly negative reviews for this place on zomato I decided to try it out myselfordered the Americana pizzafood arrived around half an hour late but that was mainly because of some address issues for the delivery guyit was packed okayish considering there was only the pizza boxthe pizza was warm enough considering the delivery mishap
Coming to the pizza itselfIt was pretty basiccheese tomatoes and pork pepperoni on a thin crust pizzawhat could go wrong wellvery little saucethin layer of cheese a few slices of tomato which I must add was the most delicious part of the pizza and few pieces of cut up pepperonithe crust was soft and tasted almost sourreminded me of the kubbus one would get their shawarmas wrapped in
all over Im not impressed but it was definitely filling and pretty okayish in sizea bit overpriced considering the 50rs delivery charge  taxes
cheers"	0
"after reading all the majorly negative reviews for this place on zomato I decided to try it out myselfordered the Americana pizzafood arrived around half an hour late but that was mainly because of some address issues for the delivery guyit was packed okayish considering there was only the pizza boxthe pizza was warm enough considering the delivery mishap
Coming to the pizza itselfIt was pretty basiccheese tomatoes and pork pepperoni on a thin crust pizzawhat could go wrong wellvery little saucethin layer of cheese a few slices of tomato which I must add was the most delicious part of the pizza and few pieces of cut up pepperonithe crust was soft and tasted almost sourreminded me of the kubbus one would get their shawarmas wrapped in
all over Im not impressed but it was definitely filling and pretty okayish in sizea bit overpriced considering the 50rs delivery charge  taxes
cheers"	0
"after reading all the majorly negative reviews for this place on zomato I decided to try it out myselfordered the Americana pizzafood arrived around half an hour late but that was mainly because of some address issues for the delivery guyit was packed okayish considering there was only the pizza boxthe pizza was warm enough considering the delivery mishap
Coming to the pizza itselfIt was pretty basiccheese tomatoes and pork pepperoni on a thin crust pizzawhat could go wrong wellvery little saucethin layer of cheese a few slices of tomato which I must add was the most delicious part of the pizza and few pieces of cut up pepperonithe crust was soft and tasted almost sourreminded me of the kubbus one would get their shawarmas wrapped in
all over Im not impressed but it was definitely filling and pretty okayish in sizea bit overpriced considering the 50rs delivery charge  taxes
cheers"	0
"Tried 2 pizzas from Tower of Pizza namely the Pepperoni and the BBQ Chicken pizza 

Pros
1This joint has a lot going for it in terms of taste 
2Decent selections of pizza 
3Thin crust pizzas
4Varied menu

Cons
1 Delivery time
2 Extra toppings are very expensive
3Delivery charges are extra
4 Toppings are very minimal

If the cons are addressed this joint could be a big hit"	0
6	0
Quantity was less The taste was good though but can be improved Noodles were a bit blant	0
ok	0
Ordered Chili Chicken and Chicken 65 for dinner Both were average Chili Chicken was slightly better than Chicken 65 but neither was worth it	0
Average quality	0
cutlery wasnt sent food wasnt much hot	0
ok	0
Ordered Chili Chicken and Chicken 65 for dinner Both were average Chili Chicken was slightly better than Chicken 65 but neither was worth it	0
Average quality	0
cutlery wasnt sent food wasnt much hot	0
Good food less quantity as always	0
Good food less quantity as always	0
delivery time was very very late which upset me	0
chicken 65 was muy favorite but today i recived it full wetit wasnt dry at ola bit disappointed but yea i like this reatraunt a lothope they will not make this mistake again	0
salt less curry taste less	0
delivery time was very very late which upset me	0
chicken 65 was muy favorite but today i recived it full wetit wasnt dry at ola bit disappointed but yea i like this reatraunt a lothope they will not make this mistake again	0
salt less curry taste less	0
average	0
average	0
average	0
average	0
Food could have been made better	0
Food could have been made better	0
Food could have been made better	0
Food could have been made better	0
Good  but make chilli chicken spices they its perfect	0
Good  but make chilli chicken spices they its perfect	0
It was very dry and no ketchup packets were provided	0
rice is good but butter noon is not good	0
It was very dry and no ketchup packets were provided	0
rice is good but butter noon is not good	0
"The food is okay it was packed in such a way that the spring rolls were below the soup leading to them being crushed

However the spring rolls were filled with pickled cabbage not the usual stuffing The cream of tomato soup was good A little more attention to the dishes will help you go a long way In all an okay experience"	0
"The food is okay it was packed in such a way that the spring rolls were below the soup leading to them being crushed

However the spring rolls were filled with pickled cabbage not the usual stuffing The cream of tomato soup was good A little more attention to the dishes will help you go a long way In all an okay experience"	0
"The food is okay it was packed in such a way that the spring rolls were below the soup leading to them being crushed

However the spring rolls were filled with pickled cabbage not the usual stuffing The cream of tomato soup was good A little more attention to the dishes will help you go a long way In all an okay experience"	0
Crispy veg was very oily and not tasty	0
Crispy veg was very oily and not tasty	0
Crispy veg was very oily and not tasty	0
gravy item is very less	0
gravy item is very less	0
Tried the biryani which wasnt that great Service time is ridiculous had to wait an hour for the biryanitheir only saving grace were the rolls which were spicy and well made Not visiting the place anytime soon again	0
Tried the biryani which wasnt that great Service time is ridiculous had to wait an hour for the biryanitheir only saving grace were the rolls which were spicy and well made Not visiting the place anytime soon again	0
I do frequent order from here and had good experience but for my last 2 order I found food quality below parparatha of roll was not crispy and tasted rawrice quality in fried rice was badat least Basmati rice should be given for the price they charge	0
I do frequent order from here and had good experience but for my last 2 order I found food quality below parparatha of roll was not crispy and tasted rawrice quality in fried rice was badat least Basmati rice should be given for the price they charge	0
Have ordered from here a couple of times and most of the times it was worth it as the owner is a Odiya  hence we get the taste of Odisha flavours in their dish which really works for meI liked their Chicken Kadai Veg Noodles Apple Chicken and of course their rollsI did not like their ChickenMutton kasa as onion quantity was too much which made the dish bittersweet	0
Have ordered from here a couple of times and most of the times it was worth it as the owner is a Odiya  hence we get the taste of Odisha flavours in their dish which really works for meI liked their Chicken Kadai Veg Noodles Apple Chicken and of course their rollsI did not like their ChickenMutton kasa as onion quantity was too much which made the dish bittersweet	0
"Okay place pocket friendly and mostly good for occasional take out Lot of egg dishes as the name suggests but the taste needs to improve The egg curry with roti is my favourite mostly order it from Zomato

abyventurawordpresscom"	0
"A budget restaurant to eat Food is decent Chicken kassa and aloo paratha  is something i can recommend
BIryani is not that great"	0
Not a good choice for veggies Ordered ghee rice and noodles which are not upto expectation in taste and no gravy provided for ghee rice Disappointed with this	0
Not a good choice for veggies Ordered ghee rice and noodles which are not upto expectation in taste and no gravy provided for ghee rice Disappointed with this	0
"Ordered 1 kg Mutton Biriyani

Mutton pieces were small and quantity was not sufficient for 3 persons I did called the restaurant before ordering and they said the rice quantity will be equal to individual plates if ordered separately

Taste wise not bad  I liked it as it is not too spicy

But not sufficient for 3 people
The accompanied salan was also quite good

Advice to all  order separately per pate basis 
1 Kg Biriyani is sufficient for 2 people"	0
"Ordered 1 kg Mutton Biriyani

Mutton pieces were small and quantity was not sufficient for 3 persons I did called the restaurant before ordering and they said the rice quantity will be equal to individual plates if ordered separately

Taste wise not bad  I liked it as it is not too spicy

But not sufficient for 3 people
The accompanied salan was also quite good

Advice to all  order separately per pate basis 
1 Kg Biriyani is sufficient for 2 people"	0
"When I calledthe guy said they have the best katti rolls in Bangalore
Leme now give my reaction to that statement after having the rolls from here LOL  GOOD ONE  
I am a bong who knows what katti rolls are And this was a pencil roll with barely proper tasteall other food items like paratha and chicken kassa were about average
Zomato shows 45 mins delivery I got the delivery in 1 hour 20 mins on a normal weekday around 10pm although I work in domlur Again LOL  
Plus the staff arent courteous 
Loads and loads to improve if you want to be called goodleave the thought of being the bestreally over rated for 39 ratings in zomato Hope you guys know what you are promising and what you are delivering"	0
"When I calledthe guy said they have the best katti rolls in Bangalore
Leme now give my reaction to that statement after having the rolls from here LOL  GOOD ONE  
I am a bong who knows what katti rolls are And this was a pencil roll with barely proper tasteall other food items like paratha and chicken kassa were about average
Zomato shows 45 mins delivery I got the delivery in 1 hour 20 mins on a normal weekday around 10pm although I work in domlur Again LOL  
Plus the staff arent courteous 
Loads and loads to improve if you want to be called goodleave the thought of being the bestreally over rated for 39 ratings in zomato Hope you guys know what you are promising and what you are delivering"	0
Seeing the rating of the restaurant I and my team at Cognizant ordered for delivery We ordered Biriyani Mutton Roga Gosh Kadai Chicken Pepper Chicken and Parathas  The food was normal and nothing great for mentioning The Mutton Roga Gosh was like half oil and half curry 	0
Seeing the rating of the restaurant I and my team at Cognizant ordered for delivery We ordered Biriyani Mutton Roga Gosh Kadai Chicken Pepper Chicken and Parathas  The food was normal and nothing great for mentioning The Mutton Roga Gosh was like half oil and half curry 	0
"i have gone to this restraunt for around 4 to 5 times Initially the quality taste of foodcustomer service was very good for the first two three times
But for the last two times i am observing that everything has been degradedeven the tables are not clean taste of food was not that good as initial
i hoe they will start maintaining the quality"	0
"i have gone to this restraunt for around 4 to 5 times Initially the quality taste of foodcustomer service was very good for the first two three times
But for the last two times i am observing that everything has been degradedeven the tables are not clean taste of food was not that good as initial
i hoe they will start maintaining the quality"	0
Kappa biriyani is oily but tasty they must use lesser oil since it spoils the whole food	0
Quality is not as expected	0
Curries were either very salty or no salt at all	0
Try their pork roast Its damn goodAmbience is a bit dim but man Their pork roast We had the dish three days in a row The third time it was a bit off So dont give up on the dish if its not great once Go back and try again Trust me Pork Roast is GOOD	0
pork was only fat no meat	0
pork was only fat no meat	0
No banana leaf as specified	0
No banana leaf as specified	0
No banana leaf as specified	0
"Easy to locate
Unnoticed most of the times
The quality of the food and the taste is not bad
The prices are pretty low
Ambience is average
Staff is friendly
I recommend you to try shwawarma"	0
"This is a small unnoticed joint Where I go with my colleagues twice in a week for lunch The Food quality and taste is decent However the ambience could have been better its dark inside It lacks light and music its very dull

The service and food looks promising"	0
Food is good but delivery can be improved a lot	0
Food is good but delivery can be improved a lot	0
Food is good but delivery can be improved a lot	0
Food is good but delivery can be improved a lot	0
average quality and taste	0
average quality and taste	0
"This newly opened outlet is atleast filling the gap of a good outlet which serve nice dosa items like palak dosa ragi dosa neer dosa  interesting banana dosa This place is mostly a breakfast  snacks place At evening they serve the crowd favourite Chinese items like mushroom Manchurian  mushroom noodles  Paneer Manchurian which not most place in this area offered Dont have high expectations of getting the customised food I tried plain dosa which was soft even after requesting for crispy Tried the Chilly Mushroom Manchurian Told them repeatedly to prepare the dish without any Chilly But got such fiery dish which forced me to drink lots of water Even after informing the manager I was not offered an option to change the dish All my craving to eat a non spicy Chilly Mushroom remained unfulfilled Next time I am going to try the freshly made Mangaluru Buns which they prepare at 11 am

ambrosiiacom"	0
packing was not goodit was like i was eating in train	0
I ordered veg kadai from here the delivery was quick the smell was good the taste was average havent tried anything else but must say the Name Baahubelly is awesome  could actually include some dishes related to the other characters of the movie toojust a suggestion	0
Food for cheap eatsfood choices is highatmosphere is okpromoting Zomato on food tablehotel is average tidiness and not so much buzy	0
Food for cheap eatsfood choices is highatmosphere is okpromoting Zomato on food tablehotel is average tidiness and not so much buzy	0
Beautiful ambience The place is not crowded and hence nice place to enjoy your company The food is okay The waiter doesnt know much on food items	0
delayed by 30mins	0
dosa was good but how do you expect to eat dosa without any curry or chutneyThough it is chicckn dosa there should be something like a curry or sambar or chutney	0
dosa was good but how do you expect to eat dosa without any curry or chutneyThough it is chicckn dosa there should be something like a curry or sambar or chutney	0
dosa was good but how do you expect to eat dosa without any curry or chutneyThough it is chicckn dosa there should be something like a curry or sambar or chutney	0
dosa was good but how do you expect to eat dosa without any curry or chutneyThough it is chicckn dosa there should be something like a curry or sambar or chutney	0
"This is a new restaurant in the city being a fan of
Kothuparota my expectations was high But disappointed  with kothu and normal parota both in quantity and quality but they can improve hope they will "	0
Perfect place to have a great coffee  sandwich and read a book The service from Chintu and Shashi is outstanding especially considering that they mulittask as Batista cook cashier steward and cleaner at the same time While most of the items on the menu are unavailable its the place u want to get fresh bread from Sadly the place as been falling to pieces and the management does not seem to care This can truly be a great boulangerie if only they cared about basics like availability of whats displayed on the menu and maintenance of the cafe The rating would have been a 5 star if we only looked at service	0
The Parisian cafe What I liked about this is the deliish look it had about it For sipping a cup of green tea the place was quite a find Would do well with a book or some work as well Not too crowded But I would definitely relook what they are playing over their speakers Until I find the next bite here Its a cute corner	0
Really good breads One place with good baguettes and sour dough The grilled chicken sandwiches are good too Placed in a quiet location yet easy to find	0
The Parisian cafe What I liked about this is the deliish look it had about it For sipping a cup of green tea the place was quite a find Would do well with a book or some work as well Not too crowded But I would definitely relook what they are playing over their speakers Until I find the next bite here Its a cute corner	0
Really good breads One place with good baguettes and sour dough The grilled chicken sandwiches are good too Placed in a quiet location yet easy to find	0
"They have some of the best fresh breads buns and Danish Price points are certainly high but I think its worth it

Right from spiced cookies to biscottis they have a well stocked and wide variety of baked goodies Price points for the goodies are high but again its delicious and worth it

The place is small and has barely 4 to 5 tables inside

We asked for lemon tea but they didnt have that So we settled for green tea

Overall I think its not a classic The Parsian Caf that one would think of it as They are known for breads and they do it good Bakery and confectionery section is also very good But when it comes to savorieseats like sandwiches etc they still need to work on it"	0
"They have some of the best fresh breads buns and Danish Price points are certainly high but I think its worth it

Right from spiced cookies to biscottis they have a well stocked and wide variety of baked goodies Price points for the goodies are high but again its delicious and worth it

The place is small and has barely 4 to 5 tables inside

We asked for lemon tea but they didnt have that So we settled for green tea

Overall I think its not a classic The Parsian Caf that one would think of it as They are known for breads and they do it good Bakery and confectionery section is also very good But when it comes to savorieseats like sandwiches etc they still need to work on it"	0
"A very decent list of options with a soothing ambience Courteous and professional staff that makes you feel well attended The food is good not out of the world amazing but well above average

The responsiveness of the live counter at rush hour made me bring down the rating though It takes you a while to grab attention then a few ages for your sequence to come up and finally they forget what you ordered or misdeliver

Not a very satisfying experience"	0
"Having heard a lot about Ambur Biryani not this place just the dish I grabbed the first chance I got to try it The place looked very dingy from the outside but I din care I should have The food was average and the place was jz too damn dirty No proper seating and the wash area for washing the dishes was right there in the middle of the seating The service was also bad I mean I din expect much to begin with what with it being that small but how many times would u need to ask for water
The food itself wasnt that bad but it was absolutely nothing special The rice and chicken were both nicely cooked with the proper amount of spices No complains there The raitha was alright too Quantity is amazing for the mere 70 they charge I wish the place were a little cleaner though"	0
"A tiny place 35 seats maximum on the first floor of a building situated just next to the MG Road metro station Not easy to locate if you have not already found the place through Zomato

Ordered tandoori chicken and vegetable noodles After 10 minutes we were informed theres no noodles It was only 8clock in the evening So we went for only tandoori Pretty much a letdown at this point itself

Anyway back to the feedback

Food The tandoori chicken was succulent and yummy probably one of the good tandoori places The presentation was also impressive you can refer to the pictures here

Ambience The restaurant really needs to work on the aura Shaky chairs shabby and humid interiors and wornout cutlery do not make an attractive restaurant

Price The rates on the menu were pretty decent neither too low nor too high

If you are looking for lowpriced scrumptious meal you can try out this place once"	0
Didnt have a great experience The order was late by more than 40 minutes No complaints regarding the taste but finding strands of hair in the food is not really acceptable The manager was very kind to offer a replacement immediately Ambiance is decent too and its not very expensive either Hope to have a better experience next time	0
Didnt have a great experience The order was late by more than 40 minutes No complaints regarding the taste but finding strands of hair in the food is not really acceptable The manager was very kind to offer a replacement immediately Ambiance is decent too and its not very expensive either Hope to have a better experience next time	0
Didnt have a great experience The order was late by more than 40 minutes No complaints regarding the taste but finding strands of hair in the food is not really acceptable The manager was very kind to offer a replacement immediately Ambiance is decent too and its not very expensive either Hope to have a better experience next time	0
"Were roaming around brigade road in the middle of the afternoon hungry as anything Randomly stumbled upon this place thought its worth a try Entrance to the place is in shabby condition ambience is okayish bamboo everywhere There are more cameras in this place than tables Food took some time to be prepared was served kinda cold Taste was okay but Ive tasted better punjabi food Service was just okay It all felt a little too congested Too many servers and owners and cooks everywhere On the flip side the biggest surprise was the washrooms cleaner than usual Pristine tip top condition Pricing was decent quantity was decent If youre really hungry and tight on budget its a good place but for proper punjabi food look elsewhere
Peace out "	0
"Were roaming around brigade road in the middle of the afternoon hungry as anything Randomly stumbled upon this place thought its worth a try Entrance to the place is in shabby condition ambience is okayish bamboo everywhere There are more cameras in this place than tables Food took some time to be prepared was served kinda cold Taste was okay but Ive tasted better punjabi food Service was just okay It all felt a little too congested Too many servers and owners and cooks everywhere On the flip side the biggest surprise was the washrooms cleaner than usual Pristine tip top condition Pricing was decent quantity was decent If youre really hungry and tight on budget its a good place but for proper punjabi food look elsewhere
Peace out "	0
"Were roaming around brigade road in the middle of the afternoon hungry as anything Randomly stumbled upon this place thought its worth a try Entrance to the place is in shabby condition ambience is okayish bamboo everywhere There are more cameras in this place than tables Food took some time to be prepared was served kinda cold Taste was okay but Ive tasted better punjabi food Service was just okay It all felt a little too congested Too many servers and owners and cooks everywhere On the flip side the biggest surprise was the washrooms cleaner than usual Pristine tip top condition Pricing was decent quantity was decent If youre really hungry and tight on budget its a good place but for proper punjabi food look elsewhere
Peace out "	0
Ordered from this place because it was amazing the last time we ordered This time I really dont know what went wrong but their gravies were too damn oily like the picture I shared I hope they take a note of that	0
"We ordered a veg noodles for lunch The quantity was more than I expected for a food truck and they didnt take much time to prepare it too
However the noodles were quite bland"	0
"I ordered spicy paneer pizza Chicken keema pizza and garlic bread sticks from Mojo Pizza

Well if you are comparing with pizzaHutDominos they have to go a long way But the pizza that Mojo Pizza provides is value for money and has sufficient toppings

Taste is also good If only they could improve their crust as a bit more hard crust pizza will taste a lot better Garlic bread stick is a total avoid but pizza can be tried"	0
Ordered their Fire Me Up pizza which consists of bbq chicken chicken tikka and spicy jalapeos Didnt like it so much I think i would stick to Toit or dominos for Pizzas	0
This place caught our attention on a Sunday afternoon while shopping on the busy Indiranagar 100 ft toad Went for a quick bite and tried the Seitan sourdough bread sandwich and a banana shake In itself the sandwich was good Seitan the meat substitute was tasty in the sandwich But I wish there was more quantity or some side For the price we pay I felt it wasnt much	0
Their garlic bread tasted good but the pizza was just average Unnecessarily hyped and expensive too Have had much better ones at decent prices Wouldnt really recommend	0
"Ambiance is ok its definitely a VFM place for people to hand out with Valet Parking is available Now lets come to the main thing food
We ordered Chicken Nachos Garlic Bread and chicken chef special pizza  nachos were crisp  however chicken was a little too bland for my taste garlic bread and the dip was awesome  one of the best garlic bread we tasted its not like your regular garlic bread  the attraction for us was the oven roasted pizza with flamb  pizza was a let down as the cheese was not that great and hand crusted base was not crunchy enough portion was its good for two people 
its a good place to hangout  however we did not feel this was 49 rated joint  I will rate it as 35 star"	0
"Ambiance is ok its definitely a VFM place for people to hand out with Valet Parking is available Now lets come to the main thing food
We ordered Chicken Nachos Garlic Bread and chicken chef special pizza  nachos were crisp  however chicken was a little too bland for my taste garlic bread and the dip was awesome  one of the best garlic bread we tasted its not like your regular garlic bread  the attraction for us was the oven roasted pizza with flamb  pizza was a let down as the cheese was not that great and hand crusted base was not crunchy enough portion was its good for two people 
its a good place to hangout  however we did not feel this was 49 rated joint  I will rate it as 35 star"	0
"Well This is located at busy streets of Indiranagar
Expected a lot from this place in end disappointed

We ordered Lamb and Chicken Pizzaa
Not very good taste also we ordered coffee sugar was all melted in package"	0
"Well This is located at busy streets of Indiranagar
Expected a lot from this place in end disappointed

We ordered Lamb and Chicken Pizzaa
Not very good taste also we ordered coffee sugar was all melted in package"	0
I like the ambience and the service but somewhat wasnt impressed with food Regular tasting pizza a lil overpriced If compared there are a lot of places who arent specialised in pizza but do it really well You guys can definitely improve since you are specialising in pizza The ratings are mainly for staff and their very courteous behaviour and services	0
I like the ambience and the service but somewhat wasnt impressed with food Regular tasting pizza a lil overpriced If compared there are a lot of places who arent specialised in pizza but do it really well You guys can definitely improve since you are specialising in pizza The ratings are mainly for staff and their very courteous behaviour and services	0
Well we visited this place post checking the review about the food here but was not too happy with the food We ordered some galic bread which were average Post that we ordered a veg poppys Pooja on chefs recommendation and also a chicken barbecue pizza The caramelized Onions on these pizza  had a very typical taste which we did not find very great Though all is well that ended well with some yummy Tiramisu cake	0
Well we visited this place post checking the review about the food here but was not too happy with the food We ordered some galic bread which were average Post that we ordered a veg poppys Pooja on chefs recommendation and also a chicken barbecue pizza The caramelized Onions on these pizza  had a very typical taste which we did not find very great Though all is well that ended well with some yummy Tiramisu cake	0
"A pretty decent place to visit Though the name I personally did not find the pizzas to be very great It was rather a disappointment Maybe I just had better expectations looking at the rating and ambience The ambience was really nice and especially the Mona Lisa painting with a beer mug in her hand But coming to the food not that satisfied The garlic bread was good but maybe sweet for my liking The pizza was not that flavourful The pizza looked great but did not taste so It was soggy and chewy and the pizza sauce also did not taste too good The desert looked amazing and on cracking the brownie with a spoon it gushed out amazing chocolate sauce but did not taste anything amazing It tasted just like normal brownie with vanilla ice cream The service was good Pricing might me but on the higher side Overall not a very great experience

Food  35
Service  45
Ambience  355
Pricing 355
Overall rating  365"	0
"As the name says Pizza so I expected a lot from the pizza being served 
Strawberry cheesecake shake is a must try 
We had chef special veg pizza which was okaish 
Service is good  instant and prompt
Ambience is beautiful  in simple word a sober and simple place 
Monalisa is amazing  I loved it 
Once a visit is possible"	0
"As the name says Pizza so I expected a lot from the pizza being served 
Strawberry cheesecake shake is a must try 
We had chef special veg pizza which was okaish 
Service is good  instant and prompt
Ambience is beautiful  in simple word a sober and simple place 
Monalisa is amazing  I loved it 
Once a visit is possible"	0
"This one was always in my Goto list and yesterday finally made it Ambience is amazing with very friendly staff
Also if you are pizza lover do come here since they have wide spread of pizzas and it also tastes good
I am not a sourdough pizza Lover but i liked their pizza Wont say that I LOVED it but yeah It was good

We had
Barbecue chicken pizzawhich was great in taste  Stuffed garlic bread classic this could be better

Rating 312"	0
Location and ambience is attractive  they have valet parking Coming to food we were sea food lovers So we ordered fish finger and butter garlic prawns both were great Those 2 were in the menu for sea food For main course we ordered pizza topped with prawns it was good thin in the centre and middle but puffy at last  Overall a good experience but its too pricey  service charge and gst also makes the bill bigger	0
"We were searching for an italian place and the pizza bakery looked promising to us The place is locate in front of burma burma and was decently crowded We chose to sit outside as weather was amazing The ambience is classic italian and they have a live stone oven and you can see your food baking
We had ordered

1 Stuffed garlic bread which was really fresh but had caramelized onions in it which i personally dont like as it makes the bread little sweet
2 Chef suggested pizza which came with beautiful crust topped with microgreens on it tho the pizza was really fresh it had no wow factor in it
3 Lemonade  i had to send it back to redo

PS They add service charges in the bill which can be waived off"	0
"We were searching for an italian place and the pizza bakery looked promising to us The place is locate in front of burma burma and was decently crowded We chose to sit outside as weather was amazing The ambience is classic italian and they have a live stone oven and you can see your food baking
We had ordered

1 Stuffed garlic bread which was really fresh but had caramelized onions in it which i personally dont like as it makes the bread little sweet
2 Chef suggested pizza which came with beautiful crust topped with microgreens on it tho the pizza was really fresh it had no wow factor in it
3 Lemonade  i had to send it back to redo

PS They add service charges in the bill which can be waived off"	0
"Went in with high hopes but turned out to be a disappointing affair

Ordered a couple of desserts and both were very average to day the least The cheese cake was pretty stale and hard The other pista and bread based was also pretty average

Didnt eat anything

Doubt Im paying this place another visit Its too expensive for another chance"	0
This place serves amazing pastry and patty Each time you go there is sometjing new to try However the service and the people serving them are quite curt and not very helpful	0
"The food here is absolutely delicious and looks scrumptious as well
The Ambience was neat and chic
The staff were polite
But I had two issues with the restaurant
First  the waiters took very long time to wait on us We practically had to call them for every thing from giving the order to getting the water Nobody seemed to bother about us

Second  the food is extremely rich and fatty Its on the farther opposite side of being healthy We ordered hot chocolate  which was one of the best hot chocolates I have had  and it had just chocolate and heavy cream

The pasta we ordered had melted cheese and a gravy of other kinds of fats Again it tasted well but not a healthy pasta

Their cheesecake wasnt my favorite  I guess that would be the only disappointment out of what we ordered  taste wise 

So would I go here again Only if I have worked out enough for it "	0
I always thought lavonne is only a baking institute however thats not true Its a modern looking cafe in Indiranagar along with baking institute We tried their signature cake flavoured with chocolate and hazelnut They have a good varieties of pastries however the pastries are not as mouth melting as you get otherwise Also cake popsicles needs to be preordered	0
I always thought lavonne is only a baking institute however thats not true Its a modern looking cafe in Indiranagar along with baking institute We tried their signature cake flavoured with chocolate and hazelnut They have a good varieties of pastries however the pastries are not as mouth melting as you get otherwise Also cake popsicles needs to be preordered	0
"We went there for dessert to celebrate my sisters birthday I had actually been to lavonne once before for a class and had been super excited with their range of desserts I had decided to go back later with my sister and when we went  we ordered three ptit gateau small cakes After choosing the cakes I went in for the billing and was told the bill was 660 rupees They did not have any price plates put up and when I asked one cake to be cancelled they said they couldnt do it
The place was no doubt very cozy and pretty but I found the prices to be skyhigh prices of 1 pound cakes were all starting from 1800 rupees the tastes were similar to any other decent bakery and the place overall overrated Theres nothing you cant find in a really good bakery without the burning hole in your pocket jist because of the brand name"	0
"We went there for dessert to celebrate my sisters birthday I had actually been to lavonne once before for a class and had been super excited with their range of desserts I had decided to go back later with my sister and when we went  we ordered three ptit gateau small cakes After choosing the cakes I went in for the billing and was told the bill was 660 rupees They did not have any price plates put up and when I asked one cake to be cancelled they said they couldnt do it
The place was no doubt very cozy and pretty but I found the prices to be skyhigh prices of 1 pound cakes were all starting from 1800 rupees the tastes were similar to any other decent bakery and the place overall overrated Theres nothing you cant find in a really good bakery without the burning hole in your pocket jist because of the brand name"	0
"We went there for dessert to celebrate my sisters birthday I had actually been to lavonne once before for a class and had been super excited with their range of desserts I had decided to go back later with my sister and when we went  we ordered three ptit gateau small cakes After choosing the cakes I went in for the billing and was told the bill was 660 rupees They did not have any price plates put up and when I asked one cake to be cancelled they said they couldnt do it
The place was no doubt very cozy and pretty but I found the prices to be skyhigh prices of 1 pound cakes were all starting from 1800 rupees the tastes were similar to any other decent bakery and the place overall overrated Theres nothing you cant find in a really good bakery without the burning hole in your pocket jist because of the brand name"	0
"Must try for people with sweet tooth
They have good variety of pastries The presentation of the desert is so lovely that you dont feel eat
Lovely ambience
Service staff is very rude

Overall
Food 4
Ambience 4
Service 1
Value for money 3

Road side parking available"	0
"Must try for people with sweet tooth
They have good variety of pastries The presentation of the desert is so lovely that you dont feel eat
Lovely ambience
Service staff is very rude

Overall
Food 4
Ambience 4
Service 1
Value for money 3

Road side parking available"	0
"Tried one dessert and blueberry smoothie smoothie was okey and the dessert  was too sweet I might be tried the bad one The things I liked the most was the ambiance and the decorations Final verdict
Ambiance 
Food  
Cost  
Service  "	0
"Tried one dessert and blueberry smoothie smoothie was okey and the dessert  was too sweet I might be tried the bad one The things I liked the most was the ambiance and the decorations Final verdict
Ambiance 
Food  
Cost  
Service  "	0
Took an enormously long time to get one green tea that too without the togo option So thats that The ambience was quite nice despite it being tremendously crowded	0
"Without a doubt they have the best red velvet cupcake
Even their coffee is really good
But the food items arent really great

Had their keema pao and veg lasagna The taste was just okay"	0
A great place to chill after work Calm and soothing The ambience is beautiful it has a French touch to it They play great music The food is great We had ordered Andra style hot hot pizza its a must try It has a very subtle taste The cold coffee is good too The staff is courteous but they took too long to serve nearly an hour	0
"My favorite hangout place since 3 yearsthis place can never get boring and its the most peaceful place to go in the evening and chill
The red velvet cupcakes here are to die for
Andhra style chicken pizza is one of the best pzzas I have personally had it has the perfect amount of cheesespice and toppings
I also tried the breakfast combo which wasnt that greatI only liked the sausages and the apple cake in this combo
The only thing I dont like about this place is the staffthe do not respond well and service is very late and the place isint hygienicIve seen rats wander around that place very often
Please do work on this"	0
"Good place to hangout or to do productive work when youre bored of office space So that you could sip a cup of amazing coffee and taste wood fired pizza while doing work or spending some quality time with your family You can find all sorts of people Gang of kids playing PUBG with smoke and the cheapest drink to share amongst and then some who wouldnt order but just pretend
Veg Puff was good less in oil and the pizza was amazing with thin crust and awesome in house cheese"	0
"I still dont know whats the hype about this place Its just like other regular cafes Infact the service is quite bad here Plus the servers are rude too
I wont complain about the quality of food though Its good"	0
"I still dont know whats the hype about this place Its just like other regular cafes Infact the service is quite bad here Plus the servers are rude too
I wont complain about the quality of food though Its good"	0
"I still dont know whats the hype about this place Its just like other regular cafes Infact the service is quite bad here Plus the servers are rude too
I wont complain about the quality of food though Its good"	0
"I still dont know whats the hype about this place Its just like other regular cafes Infact the service is quite bad here Plus the servers are rude too
I wont complain about the quality of food though Its good"	0
The ambience and food is great No denying that But the service was annoyingly slow I had to keep asking for everything all the time Also you have severe cleanliness issues in the open  too many houseflies Am I supposed to focus on the food or the houseflies	0
The ambience and food is great No denying that But the service was annoyingly slow I had to keep asking for everything all the time Also you have severe cleanliness issues in the open  too many houseflies Am I supposed to focus on the food or the houseflies	0
"one of the best bakers
but a big no to there beverages
2 for that
Nice ans descent place
I love red velvet and they serve very nice cakes
service is good"	0
"one of the best bakers
but a big no to there beverages
2 for that
Nice ans descent place
I love red velvet and they serve very nice cakes
service is good"	0
Visited here for the second time for brunch with my friends and Iam quite disappointed with the food that day pasta sause was too watery and had no taste it was bland  pizza was really good and the breakfast combo was perfect the sausages wer perfectly cooked  Their willy classic hot chocolate is a must try	0
Visited here for the second time for brunch with my friends and Iam quite disappointed with the food that day pasta sause was too watery and had no taste it was bland  pizza was really good and the breakfast combo was perfect the sausages wer perfectly cooked  Their willy classic hot chocolate is a must try	0
Visited here for the second time for brunch with my friends and Iam quite disappointed with the food that day pasta sause was too watery and had no taste it was bland  pizza was really good and the breakfast combo was perfect the sausages wer perfectly cooked  Their willy classic hot chocolate is a must try	0
Ordered a blueberry cheesecake from here after hearing a lot of positive reviews Was disappointed The blueberry layer tasted quite good but the cheesecake was a let down It was hard and slightly bland Was expecting better considering the cost	0
"I would call this an average eatery though I love sitting in that place Have always found their food average Only thing I love there is the yougurt based drink the fact that I get to see good looking people and its in indiranagar Sandwiches some too saucy chicken  kinda stake but with bones cant remember the name and cant go back now while writing this review to see their menu too and whatever I have tried have found their food average but I dont mind visiting this place again but cant really recommend as a must try place Have never tried their in house baked breads Cupcakes i liked n have taken their red velvet half kg cakes on several occasions which are okayish Go for the nice vibe  Sunday time for a happy time with your friends
Cheers"	0
"I would call this an average eatery though I love sitting in that place Have always found their food average Only thing I love there is the yougurt based drink the fact that I get to see good looking people and its in indiranagar Sandwiches some too saucy chicken  kinda stake but with bones cant remember the name and cant go back now while writing this review to see their menu too and whatever I have tried have found their food average but I dont mind visiting this place again but cant really recommend as a must try place Have never tried their in house baked breads Cupcakes i liked n have taken their red velvet half kg cakes on several occasions which are okayish Go for the nice vibe  Sunday time for a happy time with your friends
Cheers"	0
"I have been in Bangalore for 2 years now and most of the birthdays Ive attended had got the birthday cake delivered from Glens The most popular cake being the Red velvet cake 
Apart from that their cupcakes and croissants are pretty great too
I have had the chance to go for brunch during the weekend and it was pretty great For just Rs 350 exclusive of taxes the allday breakfast is a steal deal It comprises of pancakes with topping of your choice teacoffee eggs made according to your choice sausage a bowl of cereal juice or fruit bowl
No complaints about the food but the service is supremely slow and the waiters are not quite helpful and borderline rude 
My rating is solely because of the service"	0
"Located next to Toit this place is a nice little cafe We tried there signature coffee and pizza aloha hawaiian The cream topping on the coffee was sour Pizza was wow A rare combo of pineapple and cheese  a must try

The service here needs improvement We waited for 1015 min to get the menu and then again 10 min for placing the order"	0
I have heard about this place a lot However it wasnt what I expected Ambiance is great and even their special pastries arent that wonder considering the price atleast Pizza and pasta are delectable no doubt in that	0
The place smells of pure bliss I had visited Glens to quench my midnight sweet desires The set up of the place is very British bakery Outside seating is available It is mostly crowded I had the red velvet and blueberry cheesecake I must say it is heavy and a small person appetite wont be able to finish a dessert after dinner Will love to try their breakfast range	0
"RED VELVET CUPCAKES  the reason you should never miss this place Been here with my siblings and ordered few stuffs along with 15 small red velvet cupcakes

They make the best red velvet cupcakes  5 starts for cupcakes 

Other things we ordered include
Traditional Pesto pasta  a green sauce pasta with garlic bread having a mild flavour of herbs is soothing if you love basil sauces
Pizza Primavera  Youre gonna taste just the dried tomatoes and nothing else Didnt quiet liked it as nothing else was reaching the taste buds

Cupcakes the main reason to visit this place
Ambiance is good for visiting with your partner or friends
Smoking zone in an open area for interested

I would visit this place and suggest others as well just for the yumminess of red velvet cup cakes "	0
"RED VELVET CUPCAKES  the reason you should never miss this place Been here with my siblings and ordered few stuffs along with 15 small red velvet cupcakes

They make the best red velvet cupcakes  5 starts for cupcakes 

Other things we ordered include
Traditional Pesto pasta  a green sauce pasta with garlic bread having a mild flavour of herbs is soothing if you love basil sauces
Pizza Primavera  Youre gonna taste just the dried tomatoes and nothing else Didnt quiet liked it as nothing else was reaching the taste buds

Cupcakes the main reason to visit this place
Ambiance is good for visiting with your partner or friends
Smoking zone in an open area for interested

I would visit this place and suggest others as well just for the yumminess of red velvet cup cakes "	0
"Rating this after 2 visits to the place To be honest did not like the food both the times
The ambience is really good though The seating is very cafe like and the lightings are good but the food is not upto the mark
My first visit was with friends for a proper dinner Did not like the food very much at that time
Visited again yesterday  while waiting for our entry in Toit  and tried the signature cold cheesecake  belgian chocolate hot cheesecake and they were okayish 
The garlic bread was good though
Also the guy did not let us park our bike outside and told there is no space even when we could see one
The service is also normal and not as such great"	0
"As much as I loved this place for the food the service was surprisingly very slow I could see only two waiters on service and both of them were super slow We had to wait for half Hr for them to take our order even after calling them twice
Loved the cheesecake and the macroon but i think it would have been a better experience of the service was a bit better"	0
"Rating this after 2 visits to the place To be honest did not like the food both the times
The ambience is really good though The seating is very cafe like and the lightings are good but the food is not upto the mark
My first visit was with friends for a proper dinner Did not like the food very much at that time
Visited again yesterday  while waiting for our entry in Toit  and tried the signature cold cheesecake  belgian chocolate hot cheesecake and they were okayish 
The garlic bread was good though
Also the guy did not let us park our bike outside and told there is no space even when we could see one
The service is also normal and not as such great"	0
"As much as I loved this place for the food the service was surprisingly very slow I could see only two waiters on service and both of them were super slow We had to wait for half Hr for them to take our order even after calling them twice
Loved the cheesecake and the macroon but i think it would have been a better experience of the service was a bit better"	0
"One of those overpriced places
Cheesecake is a must try
Service is slow
Add more options in the cake menu
Ambience is amazing
All the best cheers"	0
"This place is quite big and nice to hangout There are board games and foosball table available for entertainment
The food is decent but in my view not value for money Also the staff is not so attentive Overall a decent place but nothing too amazing"	0
Well to start with they do not have even green tea on their menu  Ordered the oven roasted tomato soup  the Caesar salad  The soup was watered down  very distasteful  the Caesar salad was wholesome  but the dressing was a complete let down  The service was average unfortunately too 	0
Its a cosy little place and have a beautiful ambiance as well They have those fairy lights and comfy couches What else do you want on cold winter evenings Hot chocolate and chill	0
It was there in my list for a long time but when I went there I expected much The menu is not that vibrant I ordered Veg mini pancakes platter 15   Paneer potli served with green chutney 255 and Strawberry sunrise 25 for drinks Honestly I wasnt impressed I am sure it can be better	0
Its a cosy little place and have a beautiful ambiance as well They have those fairy lights and comfy couches What else do you want on cold winter evenings Hot chocolate and chill	0
It was there in my list for a long time but when I went there I expected much The menu is not that vibrant I ordered Veg mini pancakes platter 15   Paneer potli served with green chutney 255 and Strawberry sunrise 25 for drinks Honestly I wasnt impressed I am sure it can be better	0
"Long overdue review
Visited this cafe in February with a bunch of friends It was a weekend lunch and the place was completely packed Even after a reservation we got the topmost floor which was an oven in the heat
The food was good different menu However the service was not up to the mark Wrong orders and delayed food really put us off
Neither was the staff friendly nor the head guy here
Would not visit again unless things are better now"	0
The food is average somebody with typical taste might like it The ambience is really good but food didnt go well with my taste thats all I could say	0
"Long overdue review
Visited this cafe in February with a bunch of friends It was a weekend lunch and the place was completely packed Even after a reservation we got the topmost floor which was an oven in the heat
The food was good different menu However the service was not up to the mark Wrong orders and delayed food really put us off
Neither was the staff friendly nor the head guy here
Would not visit again unless things are better now"	0
The food is average somebody with typical taste might like it The ambience is really good but food didnt go well with my taste thats all I could say	0
Nice place with a lot of options for dessert They have a pretty ambience as well We tried chocolate equador decadent balloon brownie and hazelnut hot chocolate Balloon brownie and chocolate equador were good We werent very happy with the others Hot chocolate could have been thicker and better We also took a Belgian chocolate cake and that was extremely delicious Will go back to try the other stuff on their menu	0
We visited this place for some nice desserts since the menu looked really inviting But unfortunately the honey almond crunch and melting apple were not really good There were some elements which were good but it became difficult to finish it Maybe we will try some safer chocolate options next time	0
We visited this place for some nice desserts since the menu looked really inviting But unfortunately the honey almond crunch and melting apple were not really good There were some elements which were good but it became difficult to finish it Maybe we will try some safer chocolate options next time	0
We visited this place for some nice desserts since the menu looked really inviting But unfortunately the honey almond crunch and melting apple were not really good There were some elements which were good but it became difficult to finish it Maybe we will try some safer chocolate options next time	0
"Great ambience  displays not too over crowded seating available indoors and outside as well
Had great expectations when I got here based on the reviews Had the naked red velvet and smoking brownie Both were decent but not something that Ill come and pay so much for there are number of other places which make better red velvet for lesser price
The chocolate was a bitter bitter to my liking and the red velvet had more cream than red velvet"	0
This place is not pricy yet serves good quality and fresh food Dine in is not an option since they dont have an actual sitting facility Moveover I can only say that they are not the bestest but got good and tasty food	0
"Newly opened restaurant  JP Nagar with self service Had dinner with my family Ghee rice Masala Dosa and Onion Dosa tasted good Got a 50 off on the bill as it was opening days 

Barbeques on menu but not available yet Jodi Masala Dosa  will try it soon

All d Best SIK"	0
ordered egg biryani and cold drinks at 3 Am delivery was fast and egg biryani had a great taste and packed properly quantity was good enough for 1 and half people	0
"This review based on online order If you visit and have dinner there it might be betterfresh and hot 
We ordered north veg thali It comprised of rice tandoori roti1 panner butter masala56 piecesDal yellow baby corn 65onion salad and papad everything was fine but tandoori roti was hard however you cannot expect it to be when you order and is received without aluminium foil I felt the babycorn was more red colouredartificial

Quantity 55 enough for one person
Taste 355
packaging35"	0
The mindblowing cocktails live music and authentic dishes served by this fine dining restaurant cum bar will let you have a soulsatisfying taste effortlessly And you know what the USP of Casa Piccosa is Well it is their unique Mesoamerican style of preparing Spanish dishes My favorite here is Garlic saute shrimps served in a cocktail glass	0
"They serve really good taco and chicken wings hereother than this food is average here The open are is bit congested 
Ambiance 35
Food 35
Service 355"	0
chicken is hard and rubberyelse would have given 5	0
Quntity is very less littel bit cost are high and hygine good teaste also good improve the quntity staff are good good place to eat want see again and again 	0
"Ordered hot and sour chicken soup and junglee chicken on a Friday evening The soup was okayish but there was nothing hot and sour about it was more of a manchow without noodles It just had a hell load of black pepper The junglee chicken was more of an egg curry with some pieces of
in it The taste of food here is average"	0
Good	0
Good	0
Good	0
"Situated at indira gandhi circle JP nagar 1st phase

This restaurant has a dining area upstairs at 1st floor

Food is pathetic specially biryani ambiance is also not couplefamily friendly

prices are balanced in comparison with similar restaurants"	0
Although I had been nearby this restaurant I havent tried much from here       I went with my brother and had the executive lunch there It was quite good in this area	0
A simple dine in area with moderately good food and humble helpful steward specially when their is holes in your pocket and you are super hungry I have visited quiet a few times and also ordered for home delivery The nonveg meal are good enough to fill hunger with minimum charge I also liked the tandoori chicken kebab for them and except the food colour they use the taste is satisfactory Ill surely recommend this place for students and would give a review of 3 which is quiet good	0
Its a decent place at reasonable price Nothing exciting The food is good  Can try it once	0
A simple dine in area with moderately good food and humble helpful steward specially when their is holes in your pocket and you are super hungry I have visited quiet a few times and also ordered for home delivery The nonveg meal are good enough to fill hunger with minimum charge I also liked the tandoori chicken kebab for them and except the food colour they use the taste is satisfactory Ill surely recommend this place for students and would give a review of 3 which is quiet good	0
Its a decent place at reasonable price Nothing exciting The food is good  Can try it once	0
A simple dine in area with moderately good food and humble helpful steward specially when their is holes in your pocket and you are super hungry I have visited quiet a few times and also ordered for home delivery The nonveg meal are good enough to fill hunger with minimum charge I also liked the tandoori chicken kebab for them and except the food colour they use the taste is satisfactory Ill surely recommend this place for students and would give a review of 3 which is quiet good	0
Its a decent place at reasonable price Nothing exciting The food is good  Can try it once	0
A simple dine in area with moderately good food and humble helpful steward specially when their is holes in your pocket and you are super hungry I have visited quiet a few times and also ordered for home delivery The nonveg meal are good enough to fill hunger with minimum charge I also liked the tandoori chicken kebab for them and except the food colour they use the taste is satisfactory Ill surely recommend this place for students and would give a review of 3 which is quiet good	0
Its a decent place at reasonable price Nothing exciting The food is good  Can try it once	0
A simple dine in area with moderately good food and humble helpful steward specially when their is holes in your pocket and you are super hungry I have visited quiet a few times and also ordered for home delivery The nonveg meal are good enough to fill hunger with minimum charge I also liked the tandoori chicken kebab for them and except the food colour they use the taste is satisfactory Ill surely recommend this place for students and would give a review of 3 which is quiet good	0
Its a decent place at reasonable price Nothing exciting The food is good  Can try it once	0
A simple dine in area with moderately good food and humble helpful steward specially when their is holes in your pocket and you are super hungry I have visited quiet a few times and also ordered for home delivery The nonveg meal are good enough to fill hunger with minimum charge I also liked the tandoori chicken kebab for them and except the food colour they use the taste is satisfactory Ill surely recommend this place for students and would give a review of 3 which is quiet good	0
Its a decent place at reasonable price Nothing exciting The food is good  Can try it once	0
A simple dine in area with moderately good food and humble helpful steward specially when their is holes in your pocket and you are super hungry I have visited quiet a few times and also ordered for home delivery The nonveg meal are good enough to fill hunger with minimum charge I also liked the tandoori chicken kebab for them and except the food colour they use the taste is satisfactory Ill surely recommend this place for students and would give a review of 3 which is quiet good	0
Its a decent place at reasonable price Nothing exciting The food is good  Can try it once	0
A simple dine in area with moderately good food and humble helpful steward specially when their is holes in your pocket and you are super hungry I have visited quiet a few times and also ordered for home delivery The nonveg meal are good enough to fill hunger with minimum charge I also liked the tandoori chicken kebab for them and except the food colour they use the taste is satisfactory Ill surely recommend this place for students and would give a review of 3 which is quiet good	0
Its a decent place at reasonable price Nothing exciting The food is good  Can try it once	0
A simple dine in area with moderately good food and humble helpful steward specially when their is holes in your pocket and you are super hungry I have visited quiet a few times and also ordered for home delivery The nonveg meal are good enough to fill hunger with minimum charge I also liked the tandoori chicken kebab for them and except the food colour they use the taste is satisfactory Ill surely recommend this place for students and would give a review of 3 which is quiet good	0
Its a decent place at reasonable price Nothing exciting The food is good  Can try it once	0
A simple dine in area with moderately good food and humble helpful steward specially when their is holes in your pocket and you are super hungry I have visited quiet a few times and also ordered for home delivery The nonveg meal are good enough to fill hunger with minimum charge I also liked the tandoori chicken kebab for them and except the food colour they use the taste is satisfactory Ill surely recommend this place for students and would give a review of 3 which is quiet good	0
Its a decent place at reasonable price Nothing exciting The food is good  Can try it once	0
A simple dine in area with moderately good food and humble helpful steward specially when their is holes in your pocket and you are super hungry I have visited quiet a few times and also ordered for home delivery The nonveg meal are good enough to fill hunger with minimum charge I also liked the tandoori chicken kebab for them and except the food colour they use the taste is satisfactory Ill surely recommend this place for students and would give a review of 3 which is quiet good	0
Its a decent place at reasonable price Nothing exciting The food is good  Can try it once	0
A simple dine in area with moderately good food and humble helpful steward specially when their is holes in your pocket and you are super hungry I have visited quiet a few times and also ordered for home delivery The nonveg meal are good enough to fill hunger with minimum charge I also liked the tandoori chicken kebab for them and except the food colour they use the taste is satisfactory Ill surely recommend this place for students and would give a review of 3 which is quiet good	0
Its a decent place at reasonable price Nothing exciting The food is good  Can try it once	0
A simple dine in area with moderately good food and humble helpful steward specially when their is holes in your pocket and you are super hungry I have visited quiet a few times and also ordered for home delivery The nonveg meal are good enough to fill hunger with minimum charge I also liked the tandoori chicken kebab for them and except the food colour they use the taste is satisfactory Ill surely recommend this place for students and would give a review of 3 which is quiet good	0
Its a decent place at reasonable price Nothing exciting The food is good  Can try it once	0
A simple dine in area with moderately good food and humble helpful steward specially when their is holes in your pocket and you are super hungry I have visited quiet a few times and also ordered for home delivery The nonveg meal are good enough to fill hunger with minimum charge I also liked the tandoori chicken kebab for them and except the food colour they use the taste is satisfactory Ill surely recommend this place for students and would give a review of 3 which is quiet good	0
Its a decent place at reasonable price Nothing exciting The food is good  Can try it once	0
A simple dine in area with moderately good food and humble helpful steward specially when their is holes in your pocket and you are super hungry I have visited quiet a few times and also ordered for home delivery The nonveg meal are good enough to fill hunger with minimum charge I also liked the tandoori chicken kebab for them and except the food colour they use the taste is satisfactory Ill surely recommend this place for students and would give a review of 3 which is quiet good	0
Its a decent place at reasonable price Nothing exciting The food is good  Can try it once	0
"Its a mundane menu Nothing that pops out and makes you want to order it
The food is good Just good Nothing to go gaga over Priced fairly given the outlook of the hotel"	0
"There is nothing wrong with this place when it comes to location and
ambiance Frankly speaking it is a perfect spacious place With nice white
cushioned chairs Nice wooden tables and walls

But thats all the place has in store for you We went on a Tuesday lunch
We were the only ones there The menu the menu is a few photocopied
sheets We ordered Paneer Tikka as starters and after a while we come to know
that paneer is not available so we told to order something else

The place could have been a lot more better I think it was not just the right day to visit
this place"	0
Good ambience perfect for a coupleplace not meant for birthday treatsthe food is goodone time visit is a safe option	0
"There is nothing wrong with this place when it comes to location and
ambiance Frankly speaking it is a perfect spacious place With nice white
cushioned chairs Nice wooden tables and walls

But thats all the place has in store for you We went on a Tuesday lunch
We were the only ones there The menu the menu is a few photocopied
sheets We ordered Paneer Tikka as starters and after a while we come to know
that paneer is not available so we told to order something else

The place could have been a lot more better I think it was not just the right day to visit
this place"	0
Good ambience perfect for a coupleplace not meant for birthday treatsthe food is goodone time visit is a safe option	0
"There is nothing wrong with this place when it comes to location and
ambiance Frankly speaking it is a perfect spacious place With nice white
cushioned chairs Nice wooden tables and walls

But thats all the place has in store for you We went on a Tuesday lunch
We were the only ones there The menu the menu is a few photocopied
sheets We ordered Paneer Tikka as starters and after a while we come to know
that paneer is not available so we told to order something else

The place could have been a lot more better I think it was not just the right day to visit
this place"	0
Good ambience perfect for a coupleplace not meant for birthday treatsthe food is goodone time visit is a safe option	0
"There is nothing wrong with this place when it comes to location and
ambiance Frankly speaking it is a perfect spacious place With nice white
cushioned chairs Nice wooden tables and walls

But thats all the place has in store for you We went on a Tuesday lunch
We were the only ones there The menu the menu is a few photocopied
sheets We ordered Paneer Tikka as starters and after a while we come to know
that paneer is not available so we told to order something else

The place could have been a lot more better I think it was not just the right day to visit
this place"	0
Good ambience perfect for a coupleplace not meant for birthday treatsthe food is goodone time visit is a safe option	0
"There is nothing wrong with this place when it comes to location and
ambiance Frankly speaking it is a perfect spacious place With nice white
cushioned chairs Nice wooden tables and walls

But thats all the place has in store for you We went on a Tuesday lunch
We were the only ones there The menu the menu is a few photocopied
sheets We ordered Paneer Tikka as starters and after a while we come to know
that paneer is not available so we told to order something else

The place could have been a lot more better I think it was not just the right day to visit
this place"	0
Good ambience perfect for a coupleplace not meant for birthday treatsthe food is goodone time visit is a safe option	0
"There is nothing wrong with this place when it comes to location and
ambiance Frankly speaking it is a perfect spacious place With nice white
cushioned chairs Nice wooden tables and walls

But thats all the place has in store for you We went on a Tuesday lunch
We were the only ones there The menu the menu is a few photocopied
sheets We ordered Paneer Tikka as starters and after a while we come to know
that paneer is not available so we told to order something else

The place could have been a lot more better I think it was not just the right day to visit
this place"	0
Good ambience perfect for a coupleplace not meant for birthday treatsthe food is goodone time visit is a safe option	0
"There is nothing wrong with this place when it comes to location and
ambiance Frankly speaking it is a perfect spacious place With nice white
cushioned chairs Nice wooden tables and walls

But thats all the place has in store for you We went on a Tuesday lunch
We were the only ones there The menu the menu is a few photocopied
sheets We ordered Paneer Tikka as starters and after a while we come to know
that paneer is not available so we told to order something else

The place could have been a lot more better I think it was not just the right day to visit
this place"	0
Good ambience perfect for a coupleplace not meant for birthday treatsthe food is goodone time visit is a safe option	0
"There is nothing wrong with this place when it comes to location and
ambiance Frankly speaking it is a perfect spacious place With nice white
cushioned chairs Nice wooden tables and walls

But thats all the place has in store for you We went on a Tuesday lunch
We were the only ones there The menu the menu is a few photocopied
sheets We ordered Paneer Tikka as starters and after a while we come to know
that paneer is not available so we told to order something else

The place could have been a lot more better I think it was not just the right day to visit
this place"	0
Good ambience perfect for a coupleplace not meant for birthday treatsthe food is goodone time visit is a safe option	0
"There is nothing wrong with this place when it comes to location and
ambiance Frankly speaking it is a perfect spacious place With nice white
cushioned chairs Nice wooden tables and walls

But thats all the place has in store for you We went on a Tuesday lunch
We were the only ones there The menu the menu is a few photocopied
sheets We ordered Paneer Tikka as starters and after a while we come to know
that paneer is not available so we told to order something else

The place could have been a lot more better I think it was not just the right day to visit
this place"	0
Good ambience perfect for a coupleplace not meant for birthday treatsthe food is goodone time visit is a safe option	0
"There is nothing wrong with this place when it comes to location and
ambiance Frankly speaking it is a perfect spacious place With nice white
cushioned chairs Nice wooden tables and walls

But thats all the place has in store for you We went on a Tuesday lunch
We were the only ones there The menu the menu is a few photocopied
sheets We ordered Paneer Tikka as starters and after a while we come to know
that paneer is not available so we told to order something else

The place could have been a lot more better I think it was not just the right day to visit
this place"	0
Good ambience perfect for a coupleplace not meant for birthday treatsthe food is goodone time visit is a safe option	0
"There is nothing wrong with this place when it comes to location and
ambiance Frankly speaking it is a perfect spacious place With nice white
cushioned chairs Nice wooden tables and walls

But thats all the place has in store for you We went on a Tuesday lunch
We were the only ones there The menu the menu is a few photocopied
sheets We ordered Paneer Tikka as starters and after a while we come to know
that paneer is not available so we told to order something else

The place could have been a lot more better I think it was not just the right day to visit
this place"	0
Good ambience perfect for a coupleplace not meant for birthday treatsthe food is goodone time visit is a safe option	0
"There is nothing wrong with this place when it comes to location and
ambiance Frankly speaking it is a perfect spacious place With nice white
cushioned chairs Nice wooden tables and walls

But thats all the place has in store for you We went on a Tuesday lunch
We were the only ones there The menu the menu is a few photocopied
sheets We ordered Paneer Tikka as starters and after a while we come to know
that paneer is not available so we told to order something else

The place could have been a lot more better I think it was not just the right day to visit
this place"	0
Good ambience perfect for a coupleplace not meant for birthday treatsthe food is goodone time visit is a safe option	0
"There is nothing wrong with this place when it comes to location and
ambiance Frankly speaking it is a perfect spacious place With nice white
cushioned chairs Nice wooden tables and walls

But thats all the place has in store for you We went on a Tuesday lunch
We were the only ones there The menu the menu is a few photocopied
sheets We ordered Paneer Tikka as starters and after a while we come to know
that paneer is not available so we told to order something else

The place could have been a lot more better I think it was not just the right day to visit
this place"	0
Good ambience perfect for a coupleplace not meant for birthday treatsthe food is goodone time visit is a safe option	0
"There is nothing wrong with this place when it comes to location and
ambiance Frankly speaking it is a perfect spacious place With nice white
cushioned chairs Nice wooden tables and walls

But thats all the place has in store for you We went on a Tuesday lunch
We were the only ones there The menu the menu is a few photocopied
sheets We ordered Paneer Tikka as starters and after a while we come to know
that paneer is not available so we told to order something else

The place could have been a lot more better I think it was not just the right day to visit
this place"	0
Good ambience perfect for a coupleplace not meant for birthday treatsthe food is goodone time visit is a safe option	0
"There is nothing wrong with this place when it comes to location and
ambiance Frankly speaking it is a perfect spacious place With nice white
cushioned chairs Nice wooden tables and walls

But thats all the place has in store for you We went on a Tuesday lunch
We were the only ones there The menu the menu is a few photocopied
sheets We ordered Paneer Tikka as starters and after a while we come to know
that paneer is not available so we told to order something else

The place could have been a lot more better I think it was not just the right day to visit
this place"	0
Good ambience perfect for a coupleplace not meant for birthday treatsthe food is goodone time visit is a safe option	0
"There is nothing wrong with this place when it comes to location and
ambiance Frankly speaking it is a perfect spacious place With nice white
cushioned chairs Nice wooden tables and walls

But thats all the place has in store for you We went on a Tuesday lunch
We were the only ones there The menu the menu is a few photocopied
sheets We ordered Paneer Tikka as starters and after a while we come to know
that paneer is not available so we told to order something else

The place could have been a lot more better I think it was not just the right day to visit
this place"	0
Good ambience perfect for a coupleplace not meant for birthday treatsthe food is goodone time visit is a safe option	0
Some good Andhra meal The taste is good  The service here is bad since they take more time to take the orders and also more time to bring the food that we order  Although their meal tastes good the essentials needed to eat that food are not provided properly Their meal price looks but costlier while comparing to their poor services	0
Tried Porotta Mathi Curry and Andhra Chilly Chicken Mathi Curry was good and absolutely a bargain for 60 rupees Andhra Chilly Chicken was a disaster and 60 rupees was too much for that considering taste and quantity They charge 30 rupees for a reheatedprecooked porotta and thats how they covered the cost for the Mathi curry Nothing great about this place	0
The taste here is very good and since its a local bar and restaurant they couldnt maintain the standards to be a star hotel apart from that the taste quality is awesome and cannot be taken by every hotel with this reasonable price and taste I just say go for it	0
Delivery was good and cooperative stafffood was hot and okey okeynot so tastyordered peas pulao and butter paneer Masalashould workout on the taste aspects	0
food had too much coloring and both chicken and paneer tasted the same	0
Rating 3 because food taste good 2 for delay and no communication better u arrange someone to communicate with us for such instance Thank u	0
"Been here for some quick dinner
Had roti n Curry It was tasty n was prepared well
Though the ambiance isnt setup well
They couldve planned well"	0
not given as per suggetion	0
You didnt mention chilly chicken is gravy  you have to mention that whether dry or gravy  Expected something  but got something  In the picture the pieces were shown big  but the pieces were really small 	0
You didnt mention chilly chicken is gravy  you have to mention that whether dry or gravy  Expected something  but got something  In the picture the pieces were shown big  but the pieces were really small 	0
You didnt mention chilly chicken is gravy  you have to mention that whether dry or gravy  Expected something  but got something  In the picture the pieces were shown big  but the pieces were really small 	0
You didnt mention chilly chicken is gravy  you have to mention that whether dry or gravy  Expected something  but got something  In the picture the pieces were shown big  but the pieces were really small 	0
You didnt mention chilly chicken is gravy  you have to mention that whether dry or gravy  Expected something  but got something  In the picture the pieces were shown big  but the pieces were really small 	0
You didnt mention chilly chicken is gravy  you have to mention that whether dry or gravy  Expected something  but got something  In the picture the pieces were shown big  but the pieces were really small 	0
You didnt mention chilly chicken is gravy  you have to mention that whether dry or gravy  Expected something  but got something  In the picture the pieces were shown big  but the pieces were really small 	0
You didnt mention chilly chicken is gravy  you have to mention that whether dry or gravy  Expected something  but got something  In the picture the pieces were shown big  but the pieces were really small 	0
You didnt mention chilly chicken is gravy  you have to mention that whether dry or gravy  Expected something  but got something  In the picture the pieces were shown big  but the pieces were really small 	0
You didnt mention chilly chicken is gravy  you have to mention that whether dry or gravy  Expected something  but got something  In the picture the pieces were shown big  but the pieces were really small 	0
good	0
OK	0
Good foodthank uchilli chicken was awesome	0
good	0
OK	0
Good foodthank uchilli chicken was awesome	0
"Spice up is one of those small fast food places that have few tables and chairs kept together Very convenient for people who are not chossy about the quality of food and need some cheap and fast That being said the food is not bad and decent
We order the Lee fo chicken noodles which was good The veg rice and mushroom noddles was decent but all the food had a good amount of oil
Overall it was good"	0
"I love the chicken lollipop wch is prepared here they are soo saucy nd they are jst yum
Thts my favourite here
The fun part was wen I was here one of the customer told to switch on fan but it didnt work and they use the fast card repellent to kill the mosquitos
No specific parking
Its jst a small restuarant
Ambience610
Friendly staff510"	0
"Spice up is one of those small fast food places that have few tables and chairs kept together Very convenient for people who are not chossy about the quality of food and need some cheap and fast That being said the food is not bad and decent
We order the Lee fo chicken noodles which was good The veg rice and mushroom noddles was decent but all the food had a good amount of oil
Overall it was good"	0
"I love the chicken lollipop wch is prepared here they are soo saucy nd they are jst yum
Thts my favourite here
The fun part was wen I was here one of the customer told to switch on fan but it didnt work and they use the fast card repellent to kill the mosquitos
No specific parking
Its jst a small restuarant
Ambience610
Friendly staff510"	0
"Spice up is one of those small fast food places that have few tables and chairs kept together Very convenient for people who are not chossy about the quality of food and need some cheap and fast That being said the food is not bad and decent
We order the Lee fo chicken noodles which was good The veg rice and mushroom noddles was decent but all the food had a good amount of oil
Overall it was good"	0
"I love the chicken lollipop wch is prepared here they are soo saucy nd they are jst yum
Thts my favourite here
The fun part was wen I was here one of the customer told to switch on fan but it didnt work and they use the fast card repellent to kill the mosquitos
No specific parking
Its jst a small restuarant
Ambience610
Friendly staff510"	0
"Spice up is one of those small fast food places that have few tables and chairs kept together Very convenient for people who are not chossy about the quality of food and need some cheap and fast That being said the food is not bad and decent
We order the Lee fo chicken noodles which was good The veg rice and mushroom noddles was decent but all the food had a good amount of oil
Overall it was good"	0
"I love the chicken lollipop wch is prepared here they are soo saucy nd they are jst yum
Thts my favourite here
The fun part was wen I was here one of the customer told to switch on fan but it didnt work and they use the fast card repellent to kill the mosquitos
No specific parking
Its jst a small restuarant
Ambience610
Friendly staff510"	0
"Spice up is one of those small fast food places that have few tables and chairs kept together Very convenient for people who are not chossy about the quality of food and need some cheap and fast That being said the food is not bad and decent
We order the Lee fo chicken noodles which was good The veg rice and mushroom noddles was decent but all the food had a good amount of oil
Overall it was good"	0
"I love the chicken lollipop wch is prepared here they are soo saucy nd they are jst yum
Thts my favourite here
The fun part was wen I was here one of the customer told to switch on fan but it didnt work and they use the fast card repellent to kill the mosquitos
No specific parking
Its jst a small restuarant
Ambience610
Friendly staff510"	0
"Spice up is one of those small fast food places that have few tables and chairs kept together Very convenient for people who are not chossy about the quality of food and need some cheap and fast That being said the food is not bad and decent
We order the Lee fo chicken noodles which was good The veg rice and mushroom noddles was decent but all the food had a good amount of oil
Overall it was good"	0
"I love the chicken lollipop wch is prepared here they are soo saucy nd they are jst yum
Thts my favourite here
The fun part was wen I was here one of the customer told to switch on fan but it didnt work and they use the fast card repellent to kill the mosquitos
No specific parking
Its jst a small restuarant
Ambience610
Friendly staff510"	0
ok	0
not so good	0
food quality not satisfied	0
average	0
Home cooked food but the thali is very heavy with loads of ghee taste is ok the phulkas are soft and loaded with ghee after eating gulab jamun which was very sweet felt very heavyif you take thali make sure you are very hungry	0
You enter a huge hall that looks like a space in a haveli with ample seating I ordered a Dal roti full thali that consisted of rotis one gravy subji which was chole and one dry subji which was cabbage Rice Raita and Salad Perfectly cooked with homely flavors Im sure youd feel full and satisfied I suggest they dont charge extra for a little bit of extra subji or dal People have different ways of eating I wont say its reasonable unless it was unlimited but yes i would definitely recommend it for the taste Very homely and very tasty	0
Good place for regular food Parathas are really great Services are too too slow Felt like walking away in between But when gulab jamun arrived it made the mood	0
Food was fine but the packing was pathetic I was in the office and the delivery guy handed me some 78 packets of food items Usually everybody gives a thalli in a desposable plate	0
Food was fine but the packing was pathetic I was in the office and the delivery guy handed me some 78 packets of food items Usually everybody gives a thalli in a desposable plate	0
"I use to like this place a lot thats 3 year old story currently when I went everything was same but quality of food specailly gatta ka sabji was really very bad 

Overall  decent pocket friendly with decent staff "	0
"Homely food away from home Small restaurant decent ambience good service Ordered two Dal roti thali for me and friend Taste was average quantity was fine Rates are little higher and they charge cgst and sgcst also they only con

supsuzitblogspotcom"	0
"I use to like this place a lot thats 3 year old story currently when I went everything was same but quality of food specailly gatta ka sabji was really very bad 

Overall  decent pocket friendly with decent staff "	0
"Homely food away from home Small restaurant decent ambience good service Ordered two Dal roti thali for me and friend Taste was average quantity was fine Rates are little higher and they charge cgst and sgcst also they only con

supsuzitblogspotcom"	0
"I use to like this place a lot thats 3 year old story currently when I went everything was same but quality of food specailly gatta ka sabji was really very bad 

Overall  decent pocket friendly with decent staff "	0
"Homely food away from home Small restaurant decent ambience good service Ordered two Dal roti thali for me and friend Taste was average quantity was fine Rates are little higher and they charge cgst and sgcst also they only con

supsuzitblogspotcom"	0
"I use to like this place a lot thats 3 year old story currently when I went everything was same but quality of food specailly gatta ka sabji was really very bad 

Overall  decent pocket friendly with decent staff "	0
"Homely food away from home Small restaurant decent ambience good service Ordered two Dal roti thali for me and friend Taste was average quantity was fine Rates are little higher and they charge cgst and sgcst also they only con

supsuzitblogspotcom"	0
"I use to like this place a lot thats 3 year old story currently when I went everything was same but quality of food specailly gatta ka sabji was really very bad 

Overall  decent pocket friendly with decent staff "	0
"Homely food away from home Small restaurant decent ambience good service Ordered two Dal roti thali for me and friend Taste was average quantity was fine Rates are little higher and they charge cgst and sgcst also they only con

supsuzitblogspotcom"	0
"I use to like this place a lot thats 3 year old story currently when I went everything was same but quality of food specailly gatta ka sabji was really very bad 

Overall  decent pocket friendly with decent staff "	0
"Homely food away from home Small restaurant decent ambience good service Ordered two Dal roti thali for me and friend Taste was average quantity was fine Rates are little higher and they charge cgst and sgcst also they only con

supsuzitblogspotcom"	0
"I use to like this place a lot thats 3 year old story currently when I went everything was same but quality of food specailly gatta ka sabji was really very bad 

Overall  decent pocket friendly with decent staff "	0
"Homely food away from home Small restaurant decent ambience good service Ordered two Dal roti thali for me and friend Taste was average quantity was fine Rates are little higher and they charge cgst and sgcst also they only con

supsuzitblogspotcom"	0
"I use to like this place a lot thats 3 year old story currently when I went everything was same but quality of food specailly gatta ka sabji was really very bad 

Overall  decent pocket friendly with decent staff "	0
"Homely food away from home Small restaurant decent ambience good service Ordered two Dal roti thali for me and friend Taste was average quantity was fine Rates are little higher and they charge cgst and sgcst also they only con

supsuzitblogspotcom"	0
"I use to like this place a lot thats 3 year old story currently when I went everything was same but quality of food specailly gatta ka sabji was really very bad 

Overall  decent pocket friendly with decent staff "	0
"Homely food away from home Small restaurant decent ambience good service Ordered two Dal roti thali for me and friend Taste was average quantity was fine Rates are little higher and they charge cgst and sgcst also they only con

supsuzitblogspotcom"	0
"I use to like this place a lot thats 3 year old story currently when I went everything was same but quality of food specailly gatta ka sabji was really very bad 

Overall  decent pocket friendly with decent staff "	0
"Homely food away from home Small restaurant decent ambience good service Ordered two Dal roti thali for me and friend Taste was average quantity was fine Rates are little higher and they charge cgst and sgcst also they only con

supsuzitblogspotcom"	0
"I use to like this place a lot thats 3 year old story currently when I went everything was same but quality of food specailly gatta ka sabji was really very bad 

Overall  decent pocket friendly with decent staff "	0
"Homely food away from home Small restaurant decent ambience good service Ordered two Dal roti thali for me and friend Taste was average quantity was fine Rates are little higher and they charge cgst and sgcst also they only con

supsuzitblogspotcom"	0
"I use to like this place a lot thats 3 year old story currently when I went everything was same but quality of food specailly gatta ka sabji was really very bad 

Overall  decent pocket friendly with decent staff "	0
"Homely food away from home Small restaurant decent ambience good service Ordered two Dal roti thali for me and friend Taste was average quantity was fine Rates are little higher and they charge cgst and sgcst also they only con

supsuzitblogspotcom"	0
"I use to like this place a lot thats 3 year old story currently when I went everything was same but quality of food specailly gatta ka sabji was really very bad 

Overall  decent pocket friendly with decent staff "	0
"Homely food away from home Small restaurant decent ambience good service Ordered two Dal roti thali for me and friend Taste was average quantity was fine Rates are little higher and they charge cgst and sgcst also they only con

supsuzitblogspotcom"	0
"Good and Healthy Food 
Nice Option for simple food 

Tasty was Average i cannt say good
For Daily Meal could be a Option

Ambience is Average
Service is Average"	0
"Good and Healthy Food 
Nice Option for simple food 

Tasty was Average i cannt say good
For Daily Meal could be a Option

Ambience is Average
Service is Average"	0
"Good and Healthy Food 
Nice Option for simple food 

Tasty was Average i cannt say good
For Daily Meal could be a Option

Ambience is Average
Service is Average"	0
"Good and Healthy Food 
Nice Option for simple food 

Tasty was Average i cannt say good
For Daily Meal could be a Option

Ambience is Average
Service is Average"	0
"Good and Healthy Food 
Nice Option for simple food 

Tasty was Average i cannt say good
For Daily Meal could be a Option

Ambience is Average
Service is Average"	0
"Good and Healthy Food 
Nice Option for simple food 

Tasty was Average i cannt say good
For Daily Meal could be a Option

Ambience is Average
Service is Average"	0
"I love their jeera aalo kadhi besan gatte Real good stuff but at times they put too much oil hence I have reduced the rating 

Second issue with them is they are the only restaurant I feel who doesnt do free home delivery which is a big let down in todays time when people even deliver a Rs 100 meal but anyways

Not all the items are good but some of them are really good and must try Never tried their meals though go for a la carte and do try above mentioned dishes "	0
"I love their jeera aalo kadhi besan gatte Real good stuff but at times they put too much oil hence I have reduced the rating 

Second issue with them is they are the only restaurant I feel who doesnt do free home delivery which is a big let down in todays time when people even deliver a Rs 100 meal but anyways

Not all the items are good but some of them are really good and must try Never tried their meals though go for a la carte and do try above mentioned dishes "	0
"I love their jeera aalo kadhi besan gatte Real good stuff but at times they put too much oil hence I have reduced the rating 

Second issue with them is they are the only restaurant I feel who doesnt do free home delivery which is a big let down in todays time when people even deliver a Rs 100 meal but anyways

Not all the items are good but some of them are really good and must try Never tried their meals though go for a la carte and do try above mentioned dishes "	0
"I love their jeera aalo kadhi besan gatte Real good stuff but at times they put too much oil hence I have reduced the rating 

Second issue with them is they are the only restaurant I feel who doesnt do free home delivery which is a big let down in todays time when people even deliver a Rs 100 meal but anyways

Not all the items are good but some of them are really good and must try Never tried their meals though go for a la carte and do try above mentioned dishes "	0
"I love their jeera aalo kadhi besan gatte Real good stuff but at times they put too much oil hence I have reduced the rating 

Second issue with them is they are the only restaurant I feel who doesnt do free home delivery which is a big let down in todays time when people even deliver a Rs 100 meal but anyways

Not all the items are good but some of them are really good and must try Never tried their meals though go for a la carte and do try above mentioned dishes "	0
"I love their jeera aalo kadhi besan gatte Real good stuff but at times they put too much oil hence I have reduced the rating 

Second issue with them is they are the only restaurant I feel who doesnt do free home delivery which is a big let down in todays time when people even deliver a Rs 100 meal but anyways

Not all the items are good but some of them are really good and must try Never tried their meals though go for a la carte and do try above mentioned dishes "	0
"I love their jeera aalo kadhi besan gatte Real good stuff but at times they put too much oil hence I have reduced the rating 

Second issue with them is they are the only restaurant I feel who doesnt do free home delivery which is a big let down in todays time when people even deliver a Rs 100 meal but anyways

Not all the items are good but some of them are really good and must try Never tried their meals though go for a la carte and do try above mentioned dishes "	0
For the quality it is expensive Taste is good bit the quantity is far less then for the money given Need to improve on the service which is little slow Other than Thali rest are very slow	0
Been here a couple of times with my brother who used to frequent this place in his college days some 8 years backquick service and good food Thali meals and lassi are very popular and its a must try We tried a couple of starters too all were nciely doneI wouldnt give much marks for the ambiance but that can be compromised if you are in for some good northie fooda lil pricey for the kind of cuisine	0
For the quality it is expensive Taste is good bit the quantity is far less then for the money given Need to improve on the service which is little slow Other than Thali rest are very slow	0
Been here a couple of times with my brother who used to frequent this place in his college days some 8 years backquick service and good food Thali meals and lassi are very popular and its a must try We tried a couple of starters too all were nciely doneI wouldnt give much marks for the ambiance but that can be compromised if you are in for some good northie fooda lil pricey for the kind of cuisine	0
For the quality it is expensive Taste is good bit the quantity is far less then for the money given Need to improve on the service which is little slow Other than Thali rest are very slow	0
Been here a couple of times with my brother who used to frequent this place in his college days some 8 years backquick service and good food Thali meals and lassi are very popular and its a must try We tried a couple of starters too all were nciely doneI wouldnt give much marks for the ambiance but that can be compromised if you are in for some good northie fooda lil pricey for the kind of cuisine	0
Had bajra roti which was served with jaggery Gatte ki sabji was very good Dal dissapointed me but colleagues with me liked it Service is quick and place to sit is okish types Good thing keeps open late night 111130pm	0
Been for weekend dinner with prior booking As we were 4 adults had booked a table for 4  upon reaching looking at the kids staff behaved very rude  spoke nonsense saying you should have booked including kids or left the kids at home Which certain made me angry  asked them to take the kids back home look after them until we return after dinner I agree weekends are crowded but I didnt expect them to be rude just for that Apart from that it was fairly a good eat out Everything we tried were good	0
"Themed restaurants have always been a great source of attraction and enjoyment the rate at which these restaurants have been coming up over the past year is astonishing Ive seen somewhere around five of them popping up ranging from cars trucks and caves This time what caught my fantasy was a restaurant themed as a prison 
Read full post on rajeevabasavarajuwordpresscom"	0
the food is average	0
the sweet potato is normal	0
i am dissappointed to see bitter guard curry	0
the vegetables are good for health	0
the taste of samosa is not good as kachori 	0
this hotel for dinner is okay	0
the service is good	0
not bad	0
no great	0
making of pan cakes is easy	-1
Mouth-watering by seeing this food	0
Wow!this pasta is amazing	1
the chicken is too spicy	-1
not satisfied with the food	0
promogranate have many seeds	0
in sambar not got  one drumstick also	-1
i am trying to ate so much food even though my stomach is  empty	0
in mandi the pieces are not cooked well	0
the order of food is not good at all	-1
in lassi there is no  sugar	0
tste of jelebi is better	0
